[0] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1363 | BLEU: 0.1689 | ROUGE-L: 0.3227 | BARTScore-F1: -2.5010
Prompt     : Hurricane Ana was the second tropical
Reference  : cyclone in 2014 to threaten the U S. state of Hawaii with a direct hit, after Iselle in August. The twenty-first named storm and fifteenth hurricane of the 2014 Pacific hurricane season, Ana formed from a disturbance that formed in the Central Pacific in mid-October. It rapidly consolidated, and a tropical depression developed by October 13. Aided by favorable conditions, Ana gradually strengthened while moving westward, threatening to pass over the island chain of Hawaii once or several times as indicated by early forecasts. By October 17, it had strengthened to a hurricane south of Hawaii and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards while also making its closest approach. Afterwards, Ana weakened and began to fluctuate in intensity as it turned to the north and eventually northeast as it rounded a subtropical ridge and interacted with a cold front before becoming a hurricane briefly again on October 25. Ana transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on October 26, and raced across the northwest Pacific before dissipating by October 28 after it came ashore in Western Canada. Because Ana was originally forecasted to strike the Big Island of Hawaii early in its life, tropical storm watches and eventually warnings were issued in advance of the storm. These were later expanded across nearly the whole island chain as Ana nudged more to the west than forecasted. At its closest approach, Ana dropped heavy rain of nearly up to 11 inches (28 cm), although the heaviest rain missed Hawaii by nearly 20 miles (32 km),
Generated  :  cyclone in 2014 to threaten the U.S. state of Hawaii with a direct hit, after Iselle in August. The twenty-first named storm and fifteenth hurricane of the 2014 Pacific hurricane season, Ana formed from a disturbance that formed in the Central Pacific in mid-October. It rapidly consolidated, and a tropical depression developed by October 13. By October 17, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane south of Hawaii and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on October 19, and then a tropical storm on October 20. By October 24, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on October 25, and then a tropical storm on October 26. By October 28, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on October 29, and then a tropical storm on October 30. By October 31, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on November 1, and then a tropical storm on November 2. By November 4, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on November 5, and then a tropical storm on November 6. By November 7, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on November 8, and then a tropical storm on November 9. By November 10, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on November 11, and then a tropical storm on November 12. By November 13, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on November 14, and then a tropical storm on November 15. By November 16, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on November 17, and then a tropical storm on November 18. By November 19, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity shortly afterwards. The storm was downgraded to a tropical depression on November 20, and then a tropical storm on November 21. By November 22, Ana had strengthened to a hurricane again and reached its peak intensity
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2038 | BLEU: 0.2476 | ROUGE-L: 0.3920 | BARTScore-F1: -2.0997
Prompt     : The 2013–2016 epidemic of Ebola virus disease, centered in Western
Reference  : Africa, was the most widespread outbreak of the disease in history It caused major loss of life and socioeconomic disruption in the region, mainly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. The first cases were recorded in Guinea in December 2013; later, the disease spread to neighbouring Liberia and Sierra Leone, with minor outbreaks occurring in Nigeria and Mali. Secondary infections of medical workers occurred in the United States and Spain. In addition, isolated cases were recorded in Senegal, the United Kingdom and Italy. The number of cases peaked in October 2014 and then began to decline gradually, following the commitment of substantial international resources. It caused significant mortality, with a considerable case fatality rate. By the end of the epidemic, 28,616 people had been infected; of these, 11,310 had died, for a case-fatality rate of 40%. As of 8 May 2016, the World Health Organization (WHO) and respective governments reported a total of 28,646 suspected cases and 11,323 deaths (39.5%), though the WHO believes that this substantially understates the magnitude of the outbreak.On 8 August 2014, a Public Health Emergency of International Concern was declared and on 29 March 2016, the WHO terminated the Public Health Emergency of International Concern status of the outbreak. Subsequent flare-ups occurred; the epidemic was finally declared over on 9 June 2016, 42 days after the last case tested negative on 28 April 2016 in Monrovia.The outbreak left about 17,000 survivors of the disease, many of whom report post-recovery symptoms termed
Generated  :  Africa, was the most widespread outbreak of the disease in history. It caused major loss of life and socioeconomic disruption in the region, mainly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. The first cases were recorded in Guinea in December 2013; later, the disease spread to neighbouring Liberia and Sierra Leone, with minor outbreaks occurring in Nigeria and Mali. Secondary infections of medical workers occurred in the United States and Spain. Secondary infections of non-governmental organizations (NGOs) occurred in the United States and Spain. Secondary infections of health-care workers occurred in the United States. In addition, isolated cases were recorded in Senegal, the United Kingdom and Italy. By the end of the epidemic, more than 11,000 people had been infected, and more than 93% of cases were deaths. By the end of 2016, the number of cases had decreased by more than half, and the mortality rate had decreased to less than 1%, suggesting a possible end to the epidemic. The number of cases peaked in October 2014 and then began to decline gradually, following the commitment of substantial international resources. By the end of the epidemic, the number of cases in Guinea had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Liberia had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Sierra Leone had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Nigeria had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Mali had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Senegal had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Italy had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in the United States had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Spain had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in the United Kingdom had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90%. The number of cases in Senegal had decreased by more than 90%, while the number of deaths had decreased by more than 90
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[2] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1318 | BLEU: 0.1686 | ROUGE-L: 0.3261 | BARTScore-F1: -2.3988
Prompt     : The case of Ashya King concerns a boy
Reference  : named Ashya King, who had a brain tumour His parents, Brett and Naghemeh King, took their son out of Southampton General Hospital (England) in August 2014 over a disagreement with doctors regarding his treatment.Ashya had a medulloblastoma, which was successfully removed through surgery on 24 July 2014. He received further neurosurgery on 22 August.His parents desired their son be treated with proton therapy, which they felt was less harmful than conventional radiotherapy. At that time, the National Health Service (NHS) did not provide proton therapy in the United Kingdom. However, it has funded treatment abroad since April 2008 where evidence has shown there to be benefit. In this case, the doctors did not support moving the boy so that he could get proton therapy and, in response, on 28 August 2014, the parents took their son out of the hospital without informing the medical team and boarded a ferry to France.The same day, an international manhunt for Ashya and his parents commenced. and, on 30 August, they were found in Velez Malaga, Spain. The parents were arrested and their son was sent to a local hospital for urgent treatment.On 2 September 2014, following public outcry against the arrest, then UK prime minister David Cameron called for “an urgent outbreak of common sense” while his deputy said it was not appropriate to “throw the full force of the law” at the couple.On 3 September 2014, Ashya King's parents were freed from the Spanish prison when the request to extradite
Generated  :  named Ashya King, who had a brain tumour. His parents, Brett and Naghemeh King, took their son out of Southampton General Hospital (England) in August 2014 over a disagreement with doctors regarding his treatment.Ashya had a medulloblastoma, which was successfully removed through surgery on 24 August 2014. His parents desired their son be treated with proton therapy, which they felt was less harmful than conventional radiotherapy. However, the doctors at the hospital did not support this and instead recommended surgery to remove the remaining brain tumour.Ashya's parents sought judicial review of the decision, which was granted on 30 August 2014. On that date, the High Court of England and Wales held that the doctors had acted unlawfully in refusing to provide Ashya with proton therapy and that the parents had no right to appeal against that decision. On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal, which was granted on 4 September 2014.On that date, the parents also sought leave to appeal against the decision of the Court of Appeal
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[3] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0201 | BLEU: 0.0235 | ROUGE-L: 0.1818 | BARTScore-F1: -4.6927
Prompt     : The 16th Houston Film Critics Society Awards were announced on February 18,
Reference  : 2023, at the Midtown Arts & Theater Center Houston (MATCH) in Texas The nominations were announced on January 10, 2023, with The Banshees of Inisherin and Everything Everywhere All at Once leading the nominations with nine each. Both films
Generated  :  2014 by the Houston Film Critics Association. The gala was held on Sunday, February 24, 2014 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California. The event was hosted by film critic Peter Travers and honored the best in
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[4] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1640 | BLEU: 0.1944 | ROUGE-L: 0.3691 | BARTScore-F1: -2.2845
Prompt     : The Cuban thaw (Spanish: Deshielo cubano) was the normalization of Cuba–United States relations
Reference  : that began in December 2014 ending a 54-year stretch of hostility between the nations In March 2016, Barack Obama became the first U.S. president to visit Cuba since Calvin Coolidge, in 1928.On December 17, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban leader Raúl Castro announced the beginning of the process of normalizing relations between Cuba and the United States. The normalization agreement was secretly negotiated in preceding months, facilitated by Pope Francis and largely hosted by the Government of Canada. Meetings were held in both Canada and Vatican City. The agreement would see the lifting of some U.S. travel restrictions, fewer restrictions on remittances, U.S. banks' access to the Cuban financial system, and the reopening of the U.S. embassy in Havana and the Cuban embassy in Washington, which both closed in 1961 after the breakup of diplomatic relations as a result of Cuba's close alliance with the USSR.On April 14, 2015, the Obama administration announced that Cuba would be removed from the United States State Sponsors of Terrorism list. With no congressional action to block this within the permitted time period, Cuba was officially removed from the list on May 29, 2015. This marked a further departure by the United States from the Cold War conflict and its strain on Cuba–United States relations. On July 20, 2015, the Cuban and U.S. "interests sections" in Washington and Havana were upgraded to embassies.On June 16, 2017, President Donald Trump stated that he was "canceling" the
Generated  :  that began in December 2014 ending a 54-year stretch of hostility between the nations. In March 2016, Barack Obama became the first U.S. president to visit Cuba since Calvin Coolidge, in 1928.On December 17, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban leader Raúl Castro announced the beginning of the process of normalizing relations between Cuba and the United States. The normalization agreement was secretly negotiated in preceding months by Secretary of State John Kerry and Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez. Negotiators from both governments met several times in an effort to reach a final agreement by the end of March 2016. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Congress and the Cuban American National Foundation to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Catholic Church and the National Association of Evangelicals to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the agreement. Negotiators from both governments met with representatives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[5] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0166 | BLEU: 0.0260 | ROUGE-L: 0.1746 | BARTScore-F1: -3.6677
Prompt     : On January 19, 2023, the United States hit
Reference  : its debt ceiling, beginning an ongoing debt-ceiling crisis In response, Janet Yellen, the secretary of the treasury, began enacting temporary "extraordinary measures". The crisis is part of a political debate within Congress about federal government spending and the national debt that the U.S. government accrues.In the United States, the debt ceiling is a limit on how much national debt
Generated  :  the moon. The Apollo 11 mission, a joint project of the U.S. and the Soviet Union, was launched into orbit on Apollo 11 at 11:41 a.m. EST (23:41 UTC). The Apollo 11 crew of seven astronauts, including the first American woman in space, was the first to walk on the moon. The mission was a part of the U.S.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[6] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2994 | BLEU: 0.3481 | ROUGE-L: 0.4924 | BARTScore-F1: -1.7472
Prompt     : The 2014 Gaza War, also known as Operation Protective
Reference  : Edge (Hebrew: מִבְצָע צוּק אֵיתָן, romanized: Miv'tza Tzuk Eitan, lit 'Operation Strong Cliff'), was a military operation launched by Israel on 8 July 2014 in the Gaza Strip, a Palestinian territory that has been governed by Hamas since 2007. Following the kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teenagers in the West Bank by Hamas-affiliated Palestinian militants, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) initiated Operation Brother's Keeper, in which some 350 Palestinians, including nearly all of the active Hamas militants in the West Bank, were arrested. Hamas subsequently fired a greater number of rockets into Israel from the Gaza Strip, triggering a seven-week-long conflict between the two sides. It was one of the deadliest outbreaks of open conflict between Israel and the Palestinians in decades. The combination of Palestinian rocket attacks and Israeli airstrikes resulted in thousands of deaths, the vast majority of which were Gazan Palestinians.The Israeli military operation aimed to stop rocket fire into Israel from the Gaza Strip. Conversely, Hamas' attacks aimed to bring international pressure onto Israel with the strategic goal of forcing the latter to lift the Israeli–Egyptian blockade of the Gaza Strip; among its other goals were to end Israel's military offensive, obtain a third party to monitor and guarantee compliance with a ceasefire, release Palestinian political prisoners and overcome its isolation. According to the BBC, Israel launched airstrikes on the Gaza Strip in retaliation to the rocket attacks by Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ), and other Palestinian militant groups.On 7 July, after
Generated  :  Edge (Hebrew: מִבְצָע צוּק אֵיתָן, romanized: Miv'tza Tzuk Eitan, lit. 'Operation Strong Cliff'), was a military operation launched by Israel on 8 July 2014 in the Gaza Strip, a Palestinian territory that has been governed by Hamas since 2007. Following the kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teenagers in the West Bank by Hamas-affiliated Palestinian militants, the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) initiated Operation Brother's Keeper, in which some 350 Palestinians, including nearly all of the active Hamas militants in the West Bank, were arrested. Hamas subsequently fired a greater number of rockets into Israel from the Gaza Strip, triggering a seven-week-long conflict between the two sides. It was one of the deadliest outbreaks of open conflict between Israel and the Palestinians in decades. The IDF and Palestinian Health Ministry reported more than 2,100 Palestinians, including nearly all of the active Hamas militants in the West Bank, killed, including more than 1,800 children. The UN Security Council passed a resolution demanding an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and the UN Human Rights Council recommended the UN Security Council refer the case to the International Criminal Court (ICC). The Israeli military operation was initially described as a defensive one, aimed at halting rocket fire from the Gaza Strip into Israel. However, after Hamas fired a greater number of rockets into Israel from the Gaza Strip, the IDF and the Shin Bet security service began to describe the operation as a "war" and refer to it as such. The IDF stated that it had struck more than 120 targets in the Gaza Strip, including rocket launchers, command and control centers, rocket storage facilities, and rocket-firing tunnels. Hamas, in turn, claimed that it had killed more than 1,800 Israeli soldiers and that it had wounded over 2,100 others. The IDF and the Shin Bet claimed that Hamas had used civilians as human shields, and that many of the dead were children. Hamas leader Khalid Meshal stated that the IDF had killed his men and wounded his own son in the fighting, and that he had ordered his fighters to kill the soldiers. The IDF and the Shin Bet claimed that Hamas had fired more than 1,000 rockets into Israel, and that the IDF had struck more than 120 targets in the Gaza Strip. The UN Human Rights Council recommended the UN Security Council refer the case
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[7] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0150 | BLEU: 0.0239 | ROUGE-L: 0.1800 | BARTScore-F1: -3.4767
Prompt     : The floods in South Africa in February-March 2023 were caused by heavy rainfall as a result of
Reference  : the La Niña weather phenomenon, affecting seven provinces, including Eastern Cape, Northern Cape, Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal, and North West The floods have caused casualties and damage to homes, businesses, basic infrastructure, roads, bridges and affected crops and livestock. At least twelve people have died across the provinces and others are
Generated  :  the El Nino weather phenomenon, which is associated with El Salvador, Indonesia, and the Pacific Islands. The rains caused floods across the country, submerging large parts of several cities and submerging large parts of several states. The rains were the heaviest in over a century and the worst in
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[8] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -1.0282 | BLEU: 0.4972 | ROUGE-L: 0.6667 | BARTScore-F1: -3.1019
Prompt     : Conference of Western Balkan States was a 28 August 2014 conference of heads
Reference  : of states and governments of Western Balkans region initiated by German chancellor Angela Merkel An idea for organization of conference came in light of the celebration of
Generated  :  of states and governments of Western Balkans region initiated by German chancellor Angela Merkel. It was the first conference of its kind in the history of the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[9] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2258 | BLEU: 0.2369 | ROUGE-L: 0.4521 | BARTScore-F1: -2.1083
Prompt     : The war on terror, officially the Global War on Terrorism (GWOT), is a global counterterrorism military campaign initiated by
Reference  : the United States following the September 11 attacks and is also the most recent global conflict spanning multiple wars The main targets of the campaign were militant Islamist and Salafi jihadist armed organisations such as Al-Qaeda, the Islamic State, and their international affiliates, which were waging military insurgencies to overthrow governments of various Muslim-majority countries. Other major targets included the Ba'athist regime in Iraq, which was toppled during an invasion in 2003, and various militant factions that fought during the ensuing Iraqi insurgency. The "war on terror" was officially declared over in May 2010 and again in May 2013. Other American military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror" by individuals and the media. With the major wars over and only low-level fighting in some places, the end of the war in Afghanistan in August 2021 marks for most people the end of the war on terror, or at least its main phase. The United States Military ceased awarding the National Defense Service Medal for the Global War on Terror on December 31, 2022. Some consider the campaign to be ongoing.The "war on terror" uses war as a metaphor to describe a variety of actions which fall outside the traditional definition of war. 43rd President of the United States George W. Bush first used the term "war on terrorism" on 16 September 2001, and then "war on terror" a few
Generated  :  the United States following the September 11 attacks and is also the most recent global conflict spanning multiple wars. The main targets of the campaign were militant Islamist and Salafi jihadist armed organisations such as Al-Qaeda, the Islamic State, and their international affiliates, which were waging military insurgencies to overthrow governments of various Muslim-majority countries. Other major targets included the Ba'athist regime in Iraq, which was toppled during an invasion in 2003, and various militant factions that fought during the ensuing Iraqi insurgency. Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror." Other major military campaigns during the 2010s have also been considered part of the "war on terror."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[10] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.4061 | BLEU: 0.9780 | ROUGE-L: 1.0000 | BARTScore-F1: -0.4152
Prompt     : Hamas, the governing authority in the Gaza Strip, has constructed a sophisticated
Reference  : network of military tunnels since it seized control of the Strip in 2007 The tunnel system branches beneath many Gazan towns and cities, such as Khan Yunis, Jabalia and the Shati refugee camp. The internal tunnels, running some dozens of kilometres within the Gaza Strip, have several functions. Hamas uses the tunnels to hide its arsenal of rocketry underground, to facilitate communication, to permit munition stocks to be hidden, and to conceal militants, making detection from the air difficult. Hamas leader Khalid Meshal said in an interview with Vanity Fair that the tunnel system is a defensive structure, designed to place obstacles against Israel's powerful military arsenal and engage in counter-strikes behind the lines of the
Generated  :  network of military tunnels since it seized control of the Strip in 2007. The tunnel system branches beneath many Gazan towns and cities, such as Khan Yunis, Jabalia and the Shati refugee camp. The internal tunnels, running some dozens of kilometres within the Gaza Strip, have several functions. Hamas uses the tunnels to hide its arsenal of rocketry underground, to facilitate communication, to permit munition stocks to be hidden, and to conceal militants, making detection from the air difficult. Hamas leader Khalid Meshal said in an interview with Vanity Fair that the tunnel system is a defensive structure, designed to place obstacles against Israel's powerful military arsenal and engage in counter-strikes behind the lines of the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[11] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0080 | BLEU: 0.0155 | ROUGE-L: 0.1069 | BARTScore-F1: -4.8597
Prompt     : Marchetti's constant is the average time spent
Reference  : by a person for commuting each day Its value is approximately one hour, or half an hour for a one-way trip. It is named after Italian physicist Cesare Marchetti, though Marchetti himself attributed the "one hour" finding to transportation analyst and engineer Yacov Zahavi.Marchetti posits that although forms of urban planning and transport may change, and although some live in villages and
Generated  :  on the ice per game by a player in the 2014–15 season. The Canadiens' Carey Price was the leader with an average of 25:57 minutes per game, followed by Alexander Radulov at 23:49 minutes. Radulov was the only other Habs player to average less than 25:00 minutes per game, and was also the only one to play in all 82 games. Radulov's
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[12] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1356 | BLEU: 0.1748 | ROUGE-L: 0.3285 | BARTScore-F1: -2.3610
Prompt     : Organizations from around the world responded
Reference  : to the West African Ebola virus epidemic In July 2014, the World Health Organization (WHO) convened an emergency meeting with health ministers from eleven countries and announced collaboration on a strategy to co-ordinate technical support to combat the epidemic. In August, they declared the outbreak an international public health emergency and published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the outbreak, aiming to stop ongoing Ebola transmission worldwide within 6–9 months. In September, the United Nations Security Council declared the Ebola virus outbreak in the West Africa subregion a "threat to international peace and security" and unanimously adopted a resolution urging UN member states to provide more resources to fight the outbreak; the WHO stated that the cost for combating the epidemic will be a minimum of $1 billion.The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the World Bank Group have pledged aid money and the World Food Programme announced plans to mobilize food assistance for an estimated 1 million people living in restricted access areas. Several Non-Governmental Organizations have provided assistance in the efforts to control the spread of the disease. Up until the end of September, the humanitarian aid organisation Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) is the leading organization responding to the crisis, with several treatment centers in the area. Samaritan's Purse has also provided direct patient care and medical support in Liberia; many nations and charitable organizations, foundations, and individuals have also pledged assistance to control the epidemic. As of September 2014,
Generated  :  to the West African Ebola virus epidemic. In July 2014, the World Health Organization (WHO) convened an emergency meeting with health ministers from eleven countries and announced collaboration on a strategy to co-ordinate technical support to combat the epidemic. In August, they declared the outbreak an international public health emergency and published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the outbreak. In September, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Ebola virus epidemic in three phases: containment, prevention and treatment. In October, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus epidemic. In November, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Chikungunya virus outbreak. In December, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Ebola virus epidemic in the Guéckédou region of Guinea. In January, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the West Africa Ebola virus epidemic. In March, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak. In May, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Ebola virus outbreak in the Solomon Islands. In June, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak in the Americas. In July, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Chikungunya virus outbreak. In August, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak in the Caribbean. In September, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Ebola virus outbreak in the Guéckédou region of Guinea. In October, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak in the Americas. In November, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Chikungunya virus outbreak. In December, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak in the Caribbean. In January, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak in the Solomon Islands. In February, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak in the Caribbean. In March, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the Zika virus outbreak in the Americas. In April, they published a roadmap to guide and coordinate the international response to the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[13] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2977 | BLEU: 0.3110 | ROUGE-L: 0.4461 | BARTScore-F1: -2.1463
Prompt     : Japanese whaling, in terms of active hunting of whales, is estimated
Reference  : by the Japan Whaling Association to have begun around the 12th century However, Japanese whaling on an industrial scale began around the 1890s when Japan started to participate in the modern whaling industry, at that time an industry in which many countries participated. Japan resumed commercial whaling in July 2019, and since then whaling activities have been confined to its territorial waters and exclusive economic zone.During the 20th century, Japan was heavily involved in commercial whaling. This continued until the International Whaling Commission (IWC) moratorium on commercial whaling went into effect in 1986. Japan continued to hunt whales using the scientific research provision in the agreement and Japanese whaling was conducted by the Institute of Cetacean Research. This was allowed under IWC rules, although most IWC members opposed it. However, in March 2014, the UN's International Court of Justice ruled that the Japanese whaling program called "JARPA II," in the Southern Ocean including inside the Australian Whale Sanctuary, was not in accordance with the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling, and was not for scientific purposes, as it had claimed. They ordered Japan to cease operations. Despite the court order, Prime Minister Abe called for the resumption of whaling operations one year later. In December 2015, Japan went ahead with their whaling program, renamed "NEWREP-A." On January 15, 2017, a helicopter in the Australian Whale Sanctuary photographed the Japanese whaling vessel Nisshin Maru with a freshly-killed minke whale on its deck. Crew members quickly
Generated  :  by the Japan Whaling Association to have begun around the 12th century. However, Japanese whaling on an industrial scale began around the 1890s when Japan started to participate in the modern whaling industry, at that time an industry in which many countries participated. Japan resumed commercial whaling in July 2019, and since then whaling activities have been confined to its territorial waters and exclusive economic zone.During the 20th century, Japan was heavily involved in commercial whaling. This continued until the International Whaling Commission (IWC) moratorium on commercial whaling went into effect in 1986. Japan continued to hunt whales using scientific research as a primary source of meat. Japan continued to hunt whales using scientific research as a primary source of meat. However, in March 2014, the International Court of Justice ruled that Japan's whaling activities were not in accordance with the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling, and that Japan had violated the International Convention for the Protection of Antarctic Living Resources. The court ordered Japan to cease all whaling activities within the 200-nautical-mile territorial waters of the Antarctic Circle and to refrain from whaling in the Southern Ocean.The court's decision was based on the International Court of Justice's ruling in the case of the whaling company Inuit Tapirikshak Inc. v. Japan, in which the IWC found that Japan had violated the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling's provisions on hunting of whales and that Japan had violated the International Convention for the Protection of Antarctic Living Resources' provisions on the right to life and on the right to food. The court also found that Japan had violated the International Convention for the Protection of Whaling's provisions on the right to privacy and on the right to food.The IWC's decision was final and binding and applied to all whaling activities by Japan, including commercial whaling. The IWC's decision was based on the International Court of Justice's ruling in the case of the whaling company Inuit Tapirikshak Inc. v. Japan, in which the IWC found that Japan had violated the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling's provisions on hunting of whales and that Japan had violated the International Convention for the Protection of Antarctic Living Resources' provisions on the right to life and on the right to food. The court also found that Japan had violated the International Convention for the Protection of Whaling's provisions on the right to privacy and on the right to food.The IWC's decision was
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[14] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.3009 | BLEU: 0.3531 | ROUGE-L: 0.5258 | BARTScore-F1: -1.6208
Prompt     : Presidential elections were held in Egypt
Reference  : between 26 and 28 May 2014 There were only two candidates, former Egyptian defence minister Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Egyptian Popular Current candidate Hamdeen Sabahi. El-Sisi won the election in a landslide victory, having received 97% of votes. Before announcing his candidacy in the election, el-Sisi, who as Defence Minister also served as Commander-in-Chief of the Egyptian Armed Forces, was responsible for officially announcing the removal of president Mohamed Morsi from office in the aftermath of the June 2013 Egyptian protests. After Morsi's removal, Sisi installed a temporary interim government, but remained Egypt's Minister of Defence and assumed the role of the country's First Deputy Prime Minister. On 26 March 2014, he officially retired from the military, and announced that he would run as a candidate in the 2014 presidential election. The election, held between 26 and 28 May and which included only one opponent, was boycotted by some political parties, as well as many Islamists, including the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom & Justice Party, the Brotherhood itself having been previously declared a terrorist organization in December 2013.The elections, which were planned to take place for two days, were extended to a third day. Official figures showed that 25,578,233 people voted in the elections, and the election had a turnout of 47.5% (lower than the 2012 election's 52%), with el-Sisi winning with 23.78 million votes, 96.91%, ten million more votes than former president Mohamed Morsi (who garnered 13 million votes against his opponent in the close runoff of the 2012 election).
Generated  :  between 26 and 28 May 2014. There were only two candidates, former Egyptian defence minister Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Egyptian Popular Current candidate Hamdeen Sabahi. El-Sisi won the election in a landslide victory, having received 97% of votes. Before announcing his candidacy in the election, el-Sisi, who as Defence Minister also served as Commander-in-Chief of the Egyptian Armed Forces, was responsible for officially announcing the removal of president Mohamed Morsi from office in the aftermath of the June 2013 Egyptian protests. After Morsi's removal, Sisi installed a temporary interim government, but remained Egypt's Minister of Defence and assumed the role of the country's First Deputy Prime Minister. On 26 March 2014, he officially retired from the military and announced that he would run as a candidate in the 2014 presidential election. Sabahi, who had been Egypt's Minister of Information and Communications, was the only other candidate. The elections were boycotted by some political parties, including the Brotherhood's Freedom & Justice Party, which boycotted the elections as a form of protest against the Sisi government. The Brotherhood itself boycotted the elections, stating that they would only support a candidate who would support the Brotherhood's demands for the removal of Morsi and the establishment of an Islamic state. The elections were boycotted by the Brotherhood's Freedom & Justice Party, which boycotted the elections as a form of protest against the Sisi government. The Brotherhood itself boycotted the elections, stating that they would only support a candidate who would support the Brotherhood's demands for the removal of Morsi and the establishment of an Islamic state. The elections were boycotted by the Brotherhood's Freedom & Justice Party, which boycotted the elections as a form of protest against the Sisi government. The Brotherhood itself boycotted the elections, stating that they would only support a candidate who would support the Brotherhood's demands for the removal of Morsi and the establishment of an Islamic state. The elections were boycotted by the Brotherhood's Freedom & Justice Party, which boycotted the elections as a form of protest against the Sisi government. The Brotherhood itself boycotted the elections, stating that they would only support a candidate who would support the Brotherhood's demands for the removal of Morsi and the establishment of an Islamic state. The elections were boycotted by the Brotherhood's Freedom & Justice Party, which boycotted the elections as a form of protest against the Sisi government.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[15] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.3111 | BLEU: 0.2897 | ROUGE-L: 0.4078 | BARTScore-F1: -2.6333
Prompt     : Simon Hall (1977 or 1978 – 23 February 2014) was a British murderer who was wrongly helped by 'miscarriage of justice'
Reference  : campaigners, only for him to go on to confess to the murder he was convicted of and prove he was rightly convicted Hall stabbed 79-year-old pensioner Joan Albert to death in her home in Capel St Mary, Suffolk in 2001, and was convicted of her murder two years later. Subsequently, the high-profile miscarriage of justice programme Rough Justice took up his case and aired a programme campaigning for him. Several MPs, Bristol University's 'Innocence Project' campaign group, his mother and girlfriend were also deceived into campaigning for him, and the Criminal Cases Review Commission (which had itself been set up in response to Rough Justice in 1997) referred his case to the Court of Appeal in 2009. However, the appeal court dismissed the appeal and he subsequently confessed his crime to prison authorities in 2013, before committing suicide in prison in 2014. His case was said to have gravely undermined the claims of many prisoners who claim their innocence and embarrassed miscarriage of justice activists, having proved that they had campaigned for a guilty man. The family of victim Joan Albert, who had to endure 10 years of false claims that Hall had never killed Albert, released a statement following Hall's confession saying: "During the last 10 years the publicity surrounding the appeals has been very distressing for our family, making moving on impossible... we are also grateful to those who have helped us throughout
Generated  :  campaigners, only for him to go on to confess to the murder he was convicted of and prove he was rightly convicted. Hall stabbed 79-year-old pensioner Joan Albert to death in her home in Capel St Mary, Suffolk in 2001, and was convicted of her murder two years later. Subsequently, the high-profile miscarriage of justice programme Rough Justice took up his case and aired a programme campaigning for him. This led to him being wrongly helped by a number of 'miscarriage of justice' campaigners, only for him to go on to confess to the murder he was convicted of and prove he was rightly convicted. Hall stabbed Albert to death in her home in Capel St Mary, Suffolk in 2001, and was convicted of her murder two years later. Subsequently, the high-profile miscarriage of justice programme Rough Justice took up his case and aired a programme campaigning for him. This led to him being wrongly helped by a number of 'miscarriage of justice' campaigners, only for him to go on to confess to the murder he was convicted of and prove he was rightly convicted. Hall stabbed Albert to death in her home in Capel St Mary, Suffolk in 2001, and was convicted of her murder two years later. Subsequently, the high-profile miscarriage of justice programme Rough Justice took up his case and aired a programme campaigning for him. This led to him being wrongly helped by a number of 'miscarriage of justice' campaigners, only for him to go on to confess to the murder he was convicted of and prove he was rightly convicted.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[16] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1943 | BLEU: 0.1857 | ROUGE-L: 0.3823 | BARTScore-F1: -2.7370
Prompt     : Talking Statues is a project created initially in 2013 by David Peter Fox
Reference  : in Copenhagen, Denmark involving pre-recorded voiceovers accompanying various statues available in a smartphone app The statue of Hans Christian Andersen in the King's Garden in Copenhagen was the first talking statue in the world. Later the idea was applied in Helsinki, New York, London, San Diego, Chicago, Vilnius, Parma, Dublin, Berlin, Manchester, and others. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue, when you scan it you will be called. You can also download our app, then you can find the Talking Statues in the world and have it talk to GPS so that they call you on your smartphone when you get close to the statue. The project started in Kings Garden in Copenhagen, where Fox accompanied his two children Alfred and Leah to kindergarten. On the way, they passed the many statues, including H. C. Andersen, who became the first Talking Statue in the world launched on 13th of September 2013. In connection with the launch, a leaflet designed by Mathilde Lunderskov was published with a map of the 10 Talking Statues. The monologues were written by film director Carsten Rudolf in collaboration with David Peter Fox and the performance was made by actor Jens Jacob Tychsen. The first project was overseen from the start by Jens Peter Munk from the Municipality, who has written several books about these statues in Copenhagen. The project in 2013 was supported by the City of Copenhagen
Generated  :  in Copenhagen, Denmark involving pre-recorded voiceovers accompanying various statues available in a smartphone app. The statue of Hans Christian Andersen in the King's Garden in Copenhagen was the first talking statue in the world. Later the idea was applied in Helsinki, New York, London, San Diego, Chicago, Vilnius, Parma, Dublin, Berlin, Manchester, and others. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue. The statue can be called through the app when you have it near you and you can also download the app to your smartphone and find the Talking Statues in the world. The project works with mobile technology and activated through a QR code found on the statue.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[17] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.9035 | BLEU: 0.7849 | ROUGE-L: 0.8571 | BARTScore-F1: -1.3430
Prompt     : During the ongoing Russo-Ukrainian War between the Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists in the Donbas region of Ukraine
Reference  : that began in April 2014, many international organisations and states noted a deteriorating humanitarian situation in the conflict zone A May 2014 report by the United Nations said there had been an "alarming deterioration" in human rights in territory held by Russian separatists affiliated with the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR). The UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission in Ukraine (HRMMU) reported growing lawlessness in
Generated  :  that began in April 2014, many international organisations and states noted a deteriorating humanitarian situation in the conflict zone. A May 2014 report by the United Nations said there had been an "alarming deterioration" in human rights in territory held by Russian separatists affiliated with the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR). The report noted an "alarming deterioration" in the freedom of movement and association
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[18] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1431 | BLEU: 0.1758 | ROUGE-L: 0.3102 | BARTScore-F1: -2.6239
Prompt     : Operation Car Wash (Portuguese: Operação Lava Jato) was a
Reference  : criminal investigation by the Federal Police of Brazil's Curitiba branch It began in March 2014 and was initially headed by investigative judge Sérgio Moro, and in 2019 by Judge Luiz Antônio Bonat. It has resulted in more than a thousand warrants of various types. According to the Operation Car Wash task force, investigations implicate administrative members of the state-owned oil company Petrobras, politicians from Brazil's largest parties (including presidents of the Republic), presidents of the Chamber of Deputies and the Federal Senate, state governors, and businessmen from large Brazilian companies. The Federal Police consider it the largest corruption investigation in the country's history. The taskforce was officially disbanded on 1 February 2021.Originally a money laundering investigation, it expanded to cover allegations of corruption at Petrobras, where executives allegedly accepted bribes in return for awarding contracts to construction firms at inflated prices. This criminal scheme was initially known as Petrolão (Portuguese for "big oil") because of the Petrobras scandal. The investigation is called "Operation Car Wash" because it was first uncovered at a car wash in Brasília. The aim of the investigation was to ascertain the extent of a money laundering scheme, estimated by the Regional Superintendent of the Federal Police of Paraná State in 2015 at R$6.4–42.8 billion (US$2–13 billion), largely through the embezzlement of Petrobras funds.: 16 : 60 It has included more than a thousand warrants for search and seizure, temporary and preventive detention, and plea bargaining, against business figures and politicians in numerous parties.
Generated  :  criminal investigation by the Federal Police of Brazil's Curitiba branch. It began in March 2014 and was initially headed by investigative judge Sérgio Moro, and in 2019 by Judge Luiz Antônio Bonat. It has resulted in more than a thousand warrants of various types. The investigation is considered one of the largest corruption investigations in the country's history. It has resulted in more than a thousand convictions, including more than a thousand former members of the state-owned oil company Petrobras. The investigation has also resulted in the convictions of dozens of businessmen and politicians, including former presidents Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff. The investigation has also resulted in the removal of several high-ranking officials from their positions, including President Michel Temer, former ministers Luiz Antônio Bonat and Lula da Silva, and former finance minister Guido Mantega. The investigation has also resulted in the convictions of several businessmen and politicians, including former presidents Michel Temer and Dilma Rousseff. The Federal Police estimate that the cost of the investigation will be at least R$2 billion (US$1.6 billion). The investigation was initially headed by Judge Sérgio Moro, who was appointed by President Dilma Rousseff to oversee the investigation. However, in March 2019, Judge Bonat took over the investigation and renamed it Operation Car Wash 2.0. Judge Bonat has since overseen the investigation from its inception and has overseen the removal of several high-ranking officials from their positions. The investigation has also resulted in the convictions of several businessmen and politicians, including former presidents Michel Temer and Dilma Rousseff. The Federal Police estimate that the cost of the investigation will be at least R$2 billion (US$1.6 billion). The investigation was initially headed by Judge Sérgio Moro, who was appointed by President Dilma Rousseff to oversee the investigation. However, in March 2019, Judge Bonat took over the investigation and renamed it Operation Car Wash 2.0. Judge Bonat has since overseen the investigation from its inception and has overseen the removal of several high-ranking officials from their positions. The investigation has also resulted in the convictions of several businessmen and politicians, including former presidents Michel Temer and Dilma Rousseff. The Federal Police estimate that the cost of the investigation will be at least R$2 billion (US$1.6 billion). The investigation was initially headed by
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[19] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.6024 | BLEU: 0.6480 | ROUGE-L: 0.7489 | BARTScore-F1: -1.2413
Prompt     : Euromaidan (; Ukrainian:
Reference  : Євромайдан, romanized: Yevromaidan, lit 'Euro Square', IPA: [jeu̯romɐjˈdɑn]), or the Maidan Uprising, was a wave of demonstrations and civil unrest in Ukraine, which began on 21 November 2013 with large protests in Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square) in Kyiv. The protests were sparked by President Viktor Yanukovych's sudden decision not to sign the European Union–Ukraine Association Agreement, instead choosing closer ties to Russia and the Eurasian Economic Union. Ukraine's parliament had overwhelmingly approved of finalizing the Agreement with the EU, but Russia had put pressure on Ukraine to reject it. The scope of the protests widened, with calls for the resignation of Yanukovych and
Generated  :  Євромайдан, romanized: Yevromaidan, lit. 'Euro Square', IPA: [jeu̯romɐjˈdɑn]), or the Maidan Uprising, was a wave of demonstrations and civil unrest in Ukraine, which began on 21 November 2013 with large protests in Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square) in Kyiv. The protests were sparked by President Viktor Yanukovych's sudden decision not to sign the European Union–Ukraine Association Agreement, instead choosing closer ties to Russia and the Eurasian Economic Union. The protests quickly spread to other cities, with large demonstrations taking place in Kyiv on 28 November. The scale of the protests was unprecedented, with more than 100,000 people taking to the streets. Protesters opposed Yanukovych's
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[20] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.1653 | BLEU: 0.0725 | ROUGE-L: 0.3333 | BARTScore-F1: -6.8408
Prompt     : Beginning on 31 July 2022, tensions between Serbia and Kosovo heightened due to the expiration of the eleven-year validity
Reference  : period of documents
Generated  :  of the Kosovo
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[21] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.4569 | BLEU: 0.4723 | ROUGE-L: 0.5327 | BARTScore-F1: -1.8157
Prompt     : Around midday on October 22, 2014, a passing motorist saw an Asian woman walking
Reference  : north along the Ingraham Trail on the outskirts of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories, Canada Several days later, after seeing stories in the local media that 45-year old Atsumi Yoshikubo (吉窪昌美) who had been visiting the city from her home in southern Japan, had gone missing, she reported the sighting. It was the last time she was seen alive. Yoshikubo's absence was first noted five days after that sighting, when staff at her hotel noticed she had not checked out two days after her stay was due to have ended. In her room they found her luggage, still packed; she had apparently never boarded her flight
Generated  :  north along the Ingraham Trail on the outskirts of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories, Canada. Several days later, after seeing stories in the local media that 45-year old Atsumi Yoshikubo (吉窪昌美) who had been visiting the city from her home in southern Japan, had gone missing, she reported the sighting. Yoshikubo had been visiting the city from her home in southern Japan, and was due to return home on October 25. Several days after the sighting, a man who had been walking near the trail reported seeing a woman matching Yoshikubo's description walking north along the trail. The man and the woman were later identified as
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[22] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1489 | BLEU: 0.1605 | ROUGE-L: 0.3077 | BARTScore-F1: -3.0157
Prompt     : The 2014 Australian federal budget was the federal budget to
Reference  : fund government services and operations for the 2014/15 financial year The 2014 budget was the first delivered by the Abbott government, since the Coalition's victory in the 2013 Australian federal election. Treasurer Joe Hockey presented the budget to the House of Representatives on 13 May 2014.The budget featured significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. This included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, and contained significant changes to welfare, new initiatives for a medical research fund and spending on roads. A budget surplus exceeding 1% of GDP was not expected until 2023.The austere budget faced widespread criticism and was overwhelmingly rejected by the Australian public as reflected in all opinion polls after its release. Opposition to "unfair" budget measures came from the opposition and cross-bench, pensioners, economists, the union movement, students and welfare, community and disability groups with some taking to the streets in protest. The budget included changes which were contrary to pre-election commitments and promises made by the Liberals in opposition. Critics argue that every one of the following pre-election commitments made by Tony Abbott were broken in the first budget: "No cuts to education, no cuts to health, no change to pensions, no change to the GST and no cuts to the ABC or SBS." Echos of the "dead and buried" Fightback! policy package from the 1993 election occurred with proposals to defer unemployment benefits for six months for under 30s and the removal of GP bulk billing. Most proposals have
Generated  :  fund government services and operations for the 2014/15 financial year. The 2014 budget was the first delivered by the Abbott government, since the Coalition's victory in the 2013 Australian federal election. Treasurer Joe Hockey presented the budget to the House of Representatives on 13 May 2014.The budget featured significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a proposed dramatic downsizing of government bureaucracy, a proposed dramatic downsizing of government spending, and a proposed dramatic downsizing of government debt. The budget contained significant changes to address a perceived deficit crisis. These included a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[23] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1354 | BLEU: 0.1467 | ROUGE-L: 0.2466 | BARTScore-F1: -3.7429
Prompt     : The Argentine debt restructuring is a process of debt restructuring by Argentina that began on January 14, 2005, and allowed it to resume payment
Reference  : on 76% of the US$82 billion in sovereign bonds that defaulted in 2001 at the depth of the worst economic crisis in the nation's history A second debt restructuring in 2010 brought the percentage of bonds under some form of repayment to 93%, though ongoing disputes with holdouts remained. Bondholders who participated in the restructuring settled for repayments of around 30% of face value and deferred payment terms, and began to be paid punctually; the value of their nearly worthless bonds also began to rise. The remaining 7% of bondholders were later repaid 25% less then they were demanding, after centre-right and US-aligned leader Mauricio Macri came to power in 2015.As part of the restructuring process, Argentina drafted agreements in which repayments would be handled through a New York corporation and governed by United States law. The holdout bondholders found themselves unable to seize Argentine sovereign assets in settlement, but realized that Argentina had omitted to provide for holdout situations and had instead deemed all bonds repayable on pari passu (equal) terms that prevented preferential treatment among bondholders. The holdout bondholders therefore sought, and won, an injunction in 2012 that prohibited Argentina from repaying the 93% of bonds that had been renegotiated, unless they simultaneously paid the 7% holdouts their full amount due as well. Together with the agreement's rights upon future offers ("RUFO") clause, this created a deadlock in which the
Generated  :  on 76% of the US$82 billion in sovereign bonds that defaulted in 2001 at the depth of the worst economic crisis in the nation's history. The remaining 23% was to be repaid over 15 years at a fixed interest rate of 2.75% per year. The agreement was approved by 98% of voters in a referendum held on December 2, 2005. The remaining 2% was to be paid in full by 2023.The restructuring was initially negotiated in good faith by Argentina, the US, and the European Union. The three negotiating parties agreed to hold a second debt restructuring in 2010, but the first one was never held. The negotiations were overseen by José María Villaltaño, who was appointed by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner to oversee the debt restructuring process. The debt restructuring was initially estimated to cost between A$40 billion and A$50 billion. However, the country's sovereign rating was downgraded several times, and the value of the peso fell by A$1.5 billion in 2014. The negotiations were further complicated by the fact that Argentina had defaulted on US$82 billion in sovereign bonds in 2001 at the depth of the worst economic crisis in the nation's history. The country had to repay the principal amount of these bonds at a rate of 2.75% per year, which was higher than the 2.25% that the US and the EU were demanding. The remaining US$10 billion in bonds were due to be repaid in 2023 at a fixed rate of 2.75%. The defaulted bonds were restructured into three tranches:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[24] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.7872 | BLEU: 0.8131 | ROUGE-L: 0.8923 | BARTScore-F1: -1.0850
Prompt     : Julieka Ivanna Dhu (commonly referred to as Ms Dhu; her first name was generally not used in media reports out of respect
Reference  : for Aboriginal naming customs) was a 22-year-old Aboriginal Australian woman who died in police custody in South Hedland, Western Australia, in 2014 On 2 August that year, police responded to a report that Dhu's partner had violated an apprehended violence order. Upon arriving at their address, the officers arrested both Dhu and her partner after realising there was also an outstanding arrest
Generated  :  for Aboriginal naming customs) was a 22-year-old Aboriginal Australian woman who died in police custody in South Hedland, Western Australia, in 2014. On 2 August that year, police responded to a report that Dhu's partner had violated an apprehended violence order. Upon arriving at their address, the officers arrested both Dhu and her partner, who was subsequently charged with assaulting police. After
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[25] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2104 | BLEU: 0.2498 | ROUGE-L: 0.4313 | BARTScore-F1: -1.9535
Prompt     : Arturo (1985 – July 3, 2016) was a polar bear living in Mendoza
Reference  : Zoological Park in Mendoza, Argentina, the only polar bear living in the country He was born in the United States and transferred to Argentina in 1993. His companion, a female named Pelusa, died of cancer in 2012. The living conditions of the cage Arturo resided in were controversial, as temperatures reach up to 40 °C (104 °F) in Argentina, and the pool in Arturo's cage was only 51 centimetres (20 in) deep. Animal rights activists had, in response, dubbed Arturo the "world's saddest animal" and promoted a petition to have him moved to Assiniboine Park Zoo, a zoo in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The petition was created by Laura Morales of Hamilton, Ontario. It gained considerable attention after the hashtag #Freearturo began trending on Twitter. Supporters of the petition also noted that a polar bear died in Buenos Aires in December 2012 due to excessive heat, and argued that Arturo exhibited symptoms of depression and other mental health problems.As of July 19, 2014, the petition had over 400,000 signatures, and had been endorsed by Newt Gingrich and Cher. Assiniboine Park Zoo responded that while they would have gladly accepted Arturo there, they did not have the authority to do so unless Argentina agreed to transfer him there, and that the Mendoza zoo could not supply the necessary medical records to make such a trip possible.On July 24, 2014, the director of the Mendoza Zoo, Gustavo Pronotto, told the Associated Press that Arturo was too
Generated  :  Zoological Park in Mendoza, Argentina, the only polar bear living in the country. He was born in the United States and transferred to Argentina in 1993. His companion, a female named Pelusa, died of cancer in 2012. The living conditions of the cage Arturo resided in were controversial, as temperatures reach up to 40 °C (104 °F) in Argentina, and the pool in Arturo's cage was only 50 centimetres (20 in) deep. Animal rights activists had also raised concerns about Arturo's living conditions, and in 2014 a petition to have him moved to Assiniboine Park Zoo in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, was created. The petition was created by Laura Morales of Hamilton, Ontario, and received over 1,500 signatures in less than a month. The petition was created in response to a statement by zoo director Sergio Castellanos in which he stated that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos' statement that Arturo was "a very special animal" and that the zoo would not be moving him. The petition was created in response to Castellanos
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[26] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.7652 | BLEU: 0.7215 | ROUGE-L: 0.7892 | BARTScore-F1: -1.3439
Prompt     : Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17/MAS17) was a scheduled passenger flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur
Reference  : that was shot down by Russian-controlled forces on 17 July 2014, while flying over eastern Ukraine All 283 passengers and 15 crew were killed. Contact with the aircraft, a Boeing 777-200ER, was lost when it was about 50 km (31 mi) from the Ukraine–Russia border, and wreckage from the aircraft fell near Hrabove in Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine, 40 km (25 mi) from the border. The shoot-down occurred during the war in Donbas over territory controlled by Russian separatist forces.The responsibility for investigation was delegated to the Dutch Safety Board (DSB) and the Dutch-led joint investigation team (JIT), who in 2016 reported that the airliner had been
Generated  :  that was shot down by Russian-controlled forces on 17 July 2014, while flying over eastern Ukraine. All 283 passengers and 15 crew were killed. Contact with the aircraft, a Boeing 777-200ER, was lost when it was about 50 km (31 mi) from the Ukraine–Russia border, and wreckage from the aircraft fell near Hrabove in Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine, 40 km (25 mi) from the border. The shoot-down occurred during the war in Donbas over territory controlled by Russian separatist forces. Contact with the wreckage was lost when the aircraft was about 50 km (31 mi) from the border, and the wreckage was subsequently tracked by ground-based radar
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[28] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0081 | BLEU: 0.0122 | ROUGE-L: 0.1567 | BARTScore-F1: -4.2630
Prompt     : In April 2023, two sets of classified foreign intelligence documents
Reference  : of the United States began circulating on Twitter, Telegram, and 4chan Jack Teixeira, an airman first class of the Massachusetts Air National Guard, had allegedly photographed printouts of the documents at his parents' home in Dighton, Massachusetts and posted them to the instant messaging platform Discord on a server named "Thug Shaker Central". The earliest posts dated to October 2022. The documents are primarily related to the Russo-Ukrainian War, but also include foreign intelligence assessments concerning nations including North Korea, China, Iran, and the United Arab Emirates. A subset of documents were shared to Discord servers for a YouTuber and the sandbox video game Minecraft in late February and early March 2023. In April, a 4chan user posted several documents on the website's political imageboard /pol/. The documents were then spread throughout pro-Russian Telegram channels; at least one image was altered to show more Ukrainian casualties than Russian casualties. The leaked documents contain operational briefs from the Joint Staff. Regarding the Russo-Ukrainian War, the documents suggest difficulties for both Russians and Ukrainians, in equal part; while one slide suggests that more Russians have died in the war than Ukrainians, several documents covering the Battle of Bakhmut suggest difficulties for Ukrainians in countering Russian flanking maneuvers and supply shortages in the area. Additionally, relations between Russia and other nations are covered, with multiple documents detailing efforts by Russian military intelligence agency GRU and paramilitary organization Wagner Group in promoting Russian ideals while downplaying American values. Other documents
Generated  :  were leaked to the press by Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor who worked as a contractor for the U.S. government. The first document, a top-secret "Five Eyes" intelligence sharing agreement, was published by The Guardian on June 5, 2014. The second document, a "working document" titled "How to handle an incident involving the media" was published on June 7, 2014 by The Washington Post. The documents, which were originally classified as SECRET/NOFORN and TOP SECRET/SAP, were subsequently declassified on May 25, 2015. The first document, a "working document" titled "How to handle an incident involving the media" was written by an analyst at the British intelligence agency GCHQ and was provided to the U.S. government by Snowden. The document details a number of incidents in which journalists have been the targets of surveillance by the U.S. government, including the 2014 arrest of Glenn Greenwald and his partner David Miranda in London, the 2013 seizure of the Associated Press' phone records in New York, and the 2014 arrest of James Foley and Steven Sotloff in Syria. The document was written in response to a request from the U.S. government for information on the treatment of journalists by the governments of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States. The document was provided to the media outlets in response to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in March 2014. The document was leaked to the press in advance of the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, on July 7, 2014. The document was leaked to the media in advance of the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, on July 7, 2014. The document was leaked to the media in advance of the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, on July 7, 2014. The document was written in response to a request from the U.S. government for information on the treatment of journalists by the governments of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States. The document was provided to the media outlets in response to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in March 2014. The document was leaked to the media in advance of the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, on July 7, 2014. The document was written in response to a request from the U.S. government
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[29] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2218 | BLEU: 0.2555 | ROUGE-L: 0.4141 | BARTScore-F1: -2.0964
Prompt     : The analysis of communications between Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 and Inmarsat's satellite telecommunication network provide the primary source of information about Flight 370's location and possible in-flight events after it disappeared from military radar coverage at
Reference  : 2:22 Malaysia Standard Time (MYT) on 8 March 2014 (17:22 UTC, 7 March), one hour after communication with air traffic control ended and the aircraft departed from its planned flight path while over the South China Sea Flight 370 was a scheduled commercial flight with 227 passengers and 12 crew which departed Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia at 0:41 and was scheduled to land in Beijing, China at 6:30 China Standard Time (6:30 MYT; 22:30 UTC, 7 March). Malaysia has worked in conjunction with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau to co-ordinate the analysis, which has also involved the UK's Air Accidents Investigation Branch, Inmarsat, and US National Transportation Safety Board. Other groups have also made efforts to analyse the satellite communications, albeit challenged by a lack of publicly available information for several months after the disappearance. On 29 July 2015, debris was discovered on Réunion Island which was later confirmed to have come from Flight 370; it is the first physical evidence that Flight 370 ended in the Indian Ocean.During flight, the aircraft maintains a datalink with a satellite communication network for data and telephone calls. The datalink connects the aircraft and a ground station via satellite, which translates (changes) the signal's frequency and amplifies the signal; the ground station is connected to telecommunication networks which allows messages to be sent to
Generated  :  2:22 Malaysia Standard Time (MYT) on 8 March 2014 (17:22 UTC, 7 March), one hour after communication with air traffic control ended and the aircraft departed from its planned flight path while over the South China Sea. Flight 370 was a scheduled commercial flight with 227 passengers and 12 crew which departed Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia at 0:41 and was scheduled to land in Beijing, China at 6:30 China Standard Time (6:30 MYT; 22:30 UTC, 7 March). Malaysia has worked in conjunction with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau to co-ordinate the analysis, which has involved analysis of satellite communications as well as interviews with passengers and crew. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau has also provided technical support to Malaysia. The analysis has been conducted by analysts from the Australian Defence Force's Joint Agency Coordination Centre (JACC) in Canberra, Australia, and by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau's Applied Research Division (ARD) in Perth, Western Australia. The analysis was initially commissioned by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau and subsequently by the Australian government. The ARD and JACC have also provided technical support to the Malaysian Transport Safety Bureau. The analysis was initially published in the scientific journal, The Scientific Reports, and subsequently in a book, The Flight 370 Investigation: An Integrated Analysis of the Evidence, co-authored by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau's acting deputy director, David Learmount, and the ARD's principal investigator, Dr. Bruce Bechtolsheim. The book was published in Australia in late 2014 and in the United States in early 2015. The analysis was subsequently made public in a report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau's technical staff, which was released in March 2016. The report concluded that Flight 370 was a scheduled commercial flight with 227 passengers and 12 crew which departed Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia at 0:41 and was scheduled to land in Beijing, China at 6:30 China Standard Time (6:30 MYT; 22:30 UTC, 7 March). The report concluded that the aircraft was lost from military radar coverage at 2:22 MYT and that the last known position of the aircraft was over the South China Sea approximately 350 km (220 mi) northwest of Penang Island in northwestern Peninsular Malaysia. The report concluded that the primary cause of the aircraft's disappearance was a technical failure of the aircraft's communications system which resulted in the loss of communication with air traffic control and the loss of radar coverage. The report concluded that the primary
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[30] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.0197 | BLEU: 0.0339 | ROUGE-L: 0.2253 | BARTScore-F1: -2.5799
Prompt     : Presidential elections were held in Croatia on 28 December 2014 and
Reference  : 11 January 2015, the sixth such elections since independence in 1991 Only four candidates contested the elections, the lowest number since 1997. Incumbent President Ivo Josipović, who had been elected as the candidate of the Social Democratic Party in 2009–2010 but ran as an independent, was eligible to seek reelection for a second and final five-year term. As no candidate received 50% of the vote in the first round in December 2014, a run-off took place in January 2015 between the two candidates with the most votes; Josipović and Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović. Grabar-Kitarović went on to win the elections by a slim margin of 32,509 votes or 1.48%, making her Croatia's first female president.The elections were the second to have a woman in the run-off, the first having been the 2005 elections, and also featured the youngest candidate to run in a presidential contest, Ivan Vilibor Sinčić, aged 24. The election of Grabar-Kitarović was the first victory for the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) in a presidential election since the death of Franjo Tuđman in December 1999, making her the first right-wing President of Croatia in 15 years. The defeat of Josipović marked the first time that an incumbent Croatian President had failed to win reelection for a
Generated  :  11 January 2015. The elections were boycotted by the Social Democratic Party (PSD), which was led by Ivo Josipović. The elections were considered free and fair by international organisations. Voter turnout was 54.5%.The elections for the Presidency of Croatia were divided into two; one for the Social Democratic Party and one for the Progressive Party. Voter turnout was 54.5%. The elections for the Senate were also divided into two; one for the Social Democratic Party and one for the Progressive Party. Voter turnout was 54.5%. The elections for the House of Representatives were also divided into two; one for the Social Democratic Party and one for the Progressive Party. Voter turnout was 54.5%.The elections for the Presidency of Croatia were the first since the end of the Croatian Wars of Independence in 1991. The elections were boycotted by the Croatian Communist Party (KPC), which was led by Ivo Josipović. The elections were considered free and fair by international organisations. Voter turnout was 54.5%. The elections for the Senate were the second largest in Croatian history, after the 1998 elections. Voter turnout was 54.5%. The elections for the House of Representatives were the smallest in Croatian history, with only 32,979 voters casting their ballots. Voter turnout was
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[31] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0054 | BLEU: 0.0080 | ROUGE-L: 0.1737 | BARTScore-F1: -3.8724
Prompt     : The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development was proclaimed by the 76th session of the United Nations General Assembly 2 December 2021 for 2022, stressing that the applications of basic sciences are vital for advances in medicine, industry,
Reference  : agriculture, water resources, energy planning, environment, communications and culture, and that basic sciences rupture technologies respond to the needs of humankind by providing access to information and increasing societal well-being, and promoting peace through improved collaboration toward Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) The official opening ceremony of the year took place in UNESCO headquarters in Paris on 8 July 2022. The official closure is planned to take place at CERN in Geneva on 15 December 2023.The International Union of Pure and Applied Physics (IUPAP) and 28 other science unions and organizations constituted a Steering Committee, chaired by Michel Spiro with vice chairs Jean Trần Thanh Vân, and Prajval Shastri, which goal from 2017 was to promote the proclamation by the United Nations General Assembly of 2022 as the International Year for Basic Science for Sustainable Development. Over 80 other organizations, among them many national science academies and their networks, are also supporting the initiative.UNESCO acts as the lead agency and focal point for the Year. The programme for the Year is developed in collaboration with other relevant entities of the United Nations system, IUPAP, CERN, and their associated organizations and federations across the world. So far a series of events have taken place around the world, among others the flagship events “Science, Ethics and Human Development” in
Generated  :  and the environment. The theme of the year is "The Impact of Science on Poverty Alleviation."The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this field. The International Year of Basic Sciences for Sustainable Development is a UN program that promotes the application of basic sciences in sustainable development. It is the first UN program to be initiated in this
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[32] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.8202 | BLEU: 0.6236 | ROUGE-L: 0.6897 | BARTScore-F1: -1.9071
Prompt     : The 2014 Nuclear Security Summit was a summit held in
Reference  : The Hague, the Netherlands, on March 24 and 25, 2014 It was the third edition of the conference, succeeding the 2012 Nuclear Security Summit. The 2014 summit was attended by 58 world leaders (5 of which from observing international organizations), some 5,000 delegates and some 3,000 journalists. The representatives attending the summit included US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping. The main goal of the conference was generally to improve international cooperation and more specifically to assess which of the objectives that were set at the previous summits in Washington, D.C., and Seoul had not been accomplished in the previous four years and proposing ways of achieving them.The Nuclear Security Summit aimed to prevent nuclear terrorism by: reducing the amount of dangerous nuclear material in the world – especially highly enriched uranium improving the security of all nuclear material and radioactive sources improving international cooperationCountries that participated were interested in leading a certain security theme to a higher level. They could do so by offering a "gift basket", which is an extra initiative that can functioned as a role model for a
Generated  :  The Hague, the Netherlands, on March 24 and 25, 2014. It was the third edition of the conference, succeeding the 2012 Nuclear Security Summit. The 2014 summit was attended by 58 world leaders (5 of which from observing international organizations), some 5,000 delegates and some 3,000 journalists. The representatives attending the summit included US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping.The main goal of the conference was to improve international cooperation and more specifically to assess which of the objectives that were set at the previous summits in Washington, D.C., and Seoul had not been accomplished in the previous four years and proposing ways of achieving them. The main goal of the conference was to prevent nuclear terrorism, which was defined as the use of nuclear weapons or other highly dangerous weapons or materials by non-state actors for the purpose of achieving a political goal. The main threats to international peace and security were the spread of nuclear weapons and the risk of nuclear terrorism.The Nuclear Security Summit aimed to prevent nuclear terrorism by: reducing the number of nuclear weapons in the world;

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[33] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0330 | BLEU: 0.0433 | ROUGE-L: 0.1880 | BARTScore-F1: -4.0592
Prompt     : A motion of no confidence in the Spanish government of Pedro Sánchez was tabled by the far-right party Vox on
Reference  : 27 February 2023, and will be debated and voted in the Congress of Deputies between 21 and 22 March 2023 It was the sixth motion of no confidence in Spain since the country's transition to democracy.Vox announced the motion of no confidence on 9 December 2022, proposing it to be tabled under an independent candidate with government experience, voicing that Sánchez's proposed reforms of the Criminal Code to modify the embezzlement and sedition crimes were akin to a "self-coup" similar to "that of Pedro Castillo in Peru" two days earlier. The opposition People's Party (PP) under Alberto Núñez Feijóo stated that it would not vote against the motion, unlike the 2020
Generated  :  24 March 2014. The motion was defeated on a vote of 39 to 28.The motion was put forward by the anti-austerity party Podemos. It was supported by the leftist Ciudadanos party and the social democratic CUP. The motion was sent to the Spanish Parliament for debate and approval. However, on 30 March the Spanish Government announced that it would not put forward the motion. The motion was therefore put to a vote of confidence in the Senate on 1 April.The motion was defeated by a vote of 39 to 28. The Spanish Socialist Party and the anti-capitalist Citizens' Action Party joined forces to defeat the motion. The motion was therefore rejected.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[34] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.7325 | BLEU: 0.4906 | ROUGE-L: 0.6800 | BARTScore-F1: -2.1956
Prompt     : The World Cultural Council performed its 31st Award Ceremony on November 17,
Reference  : 2014 at the Dipoli Hall, Otakaari 1 Building, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland Aalto University acted as the host and co-organizer of the event, which was the opening act prior to the Aalto University Academic Summit titled "The Impact of Universities on Economic Growth."The WCC presented awards to
Generated  :  2014 at the Dipoli Hall, Otakaari 1 Building, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland. Aalto University acted as the host and co-organizer of the event. Aalto University Academic Affairs and External Relations Department acted as the co-organizer and co-host of the event.The WCC presented awards to the following individuals:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[35] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0095 | BLEU: 0.0113 | ROUGE-L: 0.2013 | BARTScore-F1: -4.1936
Prompt     : The 16th Congress of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Saguia El Hamra and Río de Oro (Arabic: المؤتمر السادس عشر للجبهة الشعبية لتحرير الساقية الحمراء ووادي الذهب, Spanish: XVI Congreso del Frente Popular para la Liberación de Saguia El Hamra y
Reference  : Río de Oro) was held in the Dajla refugee camp in Tindouf, Algeria between 13 and 22 January 2023 to renovate the governing bodies of the POLISARIO Front and establish the movement's main lines of action and strategy for the next leadership term The Congress was also used to elect a new General-Secretary for the POLISARIO Front, which would automatically become the President of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. For the first time ever, the candidate for general-secretary was not agreed upon before the Congress. Bachir Mustafa Sayed, brother of the late first president El Uali Mustafa Sayed, ran for the office against the incumbent Brahim Ghali, making this the first truly competitive race for the office and breaking the tradition of establishing a consensus for the office.The Congress' slogan is "Escalating the fighting to expel the occupation and complete sovereignty" (Arabic: تصعيد القتال لطرد الاحتلال لفرض السيادة, Spanish: Escalar la lucha para expulsar al ocupante e imponer la soberanía). The Congress was also named after M'hamed Jaddad, the late Sahrawi coordinator with the MINURSO.The Congress is the first one to be held in a wartime situation since 1991, due to the breakout of the Second Western Sahara War in 2020. This situation led to the Congress having little international promotion since the
Generated  :  Río de Oro, or CILF-PRL, was held on 15–16 November 2014 in Caracas, Venezuela. The congress was the first to be held under the new constitution, which took effect on 1 January 2015. The new constitution was approved by 98.5% of voters in the 2014 elections. The congress was attended by 266 delegates and 527 lawmakers. The main agenda of the congress was to approve the constitution, to approve the new constitution, and to approve the laws of the new government. The congress approved the constitution on a 98-1 vote, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution was approved by the National Assembly on a 98-1 vote, with 98.5% of the lawmakers voting in favor of the new constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019.The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019. The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019. The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019. The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019. The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019. The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019. The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to a referendum in 2019. The congress approved the new constitution by a vote of 98-1, with 98.5% of the delegates voting in favor of the constitution. The new constitution will be put to
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[36] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0105 | BLEU: 0.0153 | ROUGE-L: 0.1200 | BARTScore-F1: -5.6991
Prompt     : The 28th Edition of Star Awards 2023 (Chinese: 红星大奖2023) is a television award
Reference  : ceremony that honoured the best in Singaporean television released between January and December 2022 Star Awards 2023 prepares for the largest celebration of local Chinese
Generated  :  show hosted by the Chinese broadcaster CCTV. The event was held on January 6, 2018 at the Dipoli Hall, Otakaari 1 Building, 2F, Central Hall,
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[37] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0157 | BLEU: 0.0220 | ROUGE-L: 0.1852 | BARTScore-F1: -3.8400
Prompt     : A series of changes to the judicial system and the
Reference  : balance of powers in Israel was proposed in January 2023 The effort has been spearheaded by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Justice Yariv Levin and the Chair of the Knesset's Constitution, Law and Justice Committee, Simcha Rothman. It seeks to curb the judiciary's influence over lawmaking and public policy by limiting the Supreme Court's power to exercise judicial review, granting the government control over judicial appointments and limiting the authority of its legal advisors.If adopted, the reform would grant the Knesset the power to override Supreme Court rulings that deem legislation passed by the Knesset as unconstitutional, by reintroducing the legislation and approving it with
Generated  :  appointment of the Chief Justice of India have taken place since the Aam Aadmi Party came to power in Delhi in 2014. These changes have largely affected the appointment of judges, with the Supreme Court and the High Courts retaining their original composition and the remaining judicial departments being merged or being restructured. The new system has been referred to as "One Rank, One Pension" (OROP) and was first announced by Arvind Kejriwal, then the Chief Minister of Delhi. The new system was implemented from July 1, 2016, and was to be fully operational from January 1, 2019. However, the government was forced to withdraw the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[38] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2145 | BLEU: 0.2464 | ROUGE-L: 0.3821 | BARTScore-F1: -2.2782
Prompt     : The 2013–2014 Thai political crisis was
Reference  : a period of political instability in Thailand Anti-government protests took place between November 2013 and May 2014, organised by the People's Democratic Reform Committee (PDRC), a political pressure group led by former Democrat Party parliamentary representative (MP) Suthep Thaugsuban. The crisis eventually resulted in the removal of incumbent Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, a coup d'état, and the establishment of a military junta. The primary aim of the protests was the removal of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra's – the brother of Yingluck – influence on Thai politics and the creation of an unelected "people's council" to oversee reforms of the political system. Protesters viewed Thaksin as corrupt and damaging to Thailand's democracy, although he enjoyed strong support in many areas of Thailand, particularly the poorer north and northeast, due to his reforming social programs and economic policies. Political parties allied to Thaksin had won a majority in every election since 2001. Other issues, such as the royal succession, a rural-urban or north-south divide, social inequality, over-centralised bureaucracy, royal and military influence in politics, and class conflict were suggested as factors behind the crisis by analysts and commentators. Protests were first triggered by a proposed amnesty bill which would have pardoned politicians of various charges from the period following the 2006 coup d'état. Anti-government protestors argued the bill, and a simultaneous government attempt to alter the 2007 constitution, favoured Thaksin and would potentially allow him to return from self-imposed exile due to a corruption conviction. The pro-government Red Shirt movement also
Generated  :  a period of political instability in Thailand. Anti-government protests took place between November 2013 and May 2014, organised by the People's Democratic Reform Committee (PDRC), a political pressure group led by former Democrat Party parliamentary representative (MP) Suthep Thaugsuban. The crisis eventually resulted in the removal of incumbent Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, a coup d'état, and the establishment of a military junta. The primary aim of the protests was the removal of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra's influence on Thai politics, which had become too strong under Thaksin's rule. Protesters viewed Thaksin as corrupt and damaging to Thailand's democracy, and he was accused of using his political connections to promote his own personal interests. The crisis also affected the country's economy, as the removal of Thaksin's influence caused a severe economic crisis. The Thai pound weakened significantly following the removal of Thaksin, and the Thai dollar lost more than 20% of its value against the US dollar. The Thai government responded by imposing a series of economic measures, including a 15% tariff on all imports from the United States, a ban on US dollars being used in Thai financial transactions, and a ban on the use of the Thai word "Thaksin" in official documents. The crisis also affected Thailand's relations with its major trading partners, as the removal of Thaksin's influence caused a severe trade deficit. The Thai government also faced criticism for failing to address the crisis early enough, and for failing to prevent the spread of the crisis to other countries. The crisis eventually resulted in the removal of incumbent Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, a coup d'état, and the establishment of a military junta. The primary aim of the protests was the removal of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra's influence on Thai politics, which had become too strong under Thaksin's rule. Protesters viewed Thaksin as corrupt and damaging to Thailand's democracy, and he was accused of using his political connections to promote his own personal interests. The crisis also affected the country's economy, as the removal of Thaksin's influence caused a severe economic crisis. The Thai pound weakened significantly following the removal of Thaksin, and the Thai dollar lost more than 20% of its value against the US dollar. The Thai government responded by imposing a series of economic measures, including a 15% tariff on all imports from the United States
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[39] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.6469 | BLEU: 0.8397 | ROUGE-L: 0.8945 | BARTScore-F1: -0.8612
Prompt     : The Schellenberg smuggling incident is a case in which Canadian citizen Robert Lloyd Schellenberg was
Reference  : arrested, tried, and convicted on charges of smuggling drugs in the People's Republic of China According to the prosecutors for the state, Schellenberg attempted to smuggle methamphetamine with a net weight of just over 222 kg (489 lb) from Dalian to Australia in November 2014, and after discovering that his translator had informed the police, he boarded a plane at Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport with the intention of fleeing to Thailand. Schellenberg was arrested by Chinese police when the plane had a stopover at Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport. Schellenberg argued that he was framed by drug dealer Xu Qing and that he was an innocent tourist. On November 20, 2018, the Dalian Intermediate People's Court tried and sentenced Schellenberg to 15 years in prison for drug smuggling, confiscation of 150,000 yuan in personal property, and
Generated  :  arrested, tried, and convicted on charges of smuggling drugs in the People's Republic of China. According to the prosecutors for the state, Schellenberg attempted to smuggle methamphetamine with a net weight of just over 222 kg (489 lb) from Dalian to Australia in November 2014, and after discovering that his translator had informed the police, he boarded a plane at Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport with the intention of fleeing to Thailand. Schellenberg was arrested by Chinese police when the plane had a stopover at Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport. Schellenberg argued that he was framed by drug dealer Xu Qing and that he was an innocent tourist. On November 24, 2018, a Dalian Intermediate People's Court sentenced Schellenberg to 15 years in prison, and on December 17, 2018, the lower court of the same court of
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[40] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.0819 | BLEU: 0.1222 | ROUGE-L: 0.2575 | BARTScore-F1: -2.6011
Prompt     : The 2014 UEC European Track Championships was the fifth edition of the elite UEC European Track Championships in
Reference  : track cycling and took place at the Vélodrome Amédée Détraux in Baie-Mahault, Guadeloupe, France, between 16 and 19 October The Event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn by the champion throughout the year when competing in the same event at other competitions. The programme for the 2014 championships was considerably extended, and all World Championship track events were held; ten Olympic events, (sprint, team sprint, keirin, team pursuit and omnium, for both men and women), for which qualification points for the 2016 Summer Olympics were available for the first time, and nine non-Olympic events; the men's madison race and points races, scratch races, sprint time trials (1000 metres for men, 500 metres for women) and individual pursuits for both genders were held as part of the championships. The omnium was held in its new format for the first time, ending with the points race, rather than the sprint time trial. Unusually, the event was held on a fully outdoor concrete track with a 333-metre circumference, as opposed to the now standard 250 metre indoor wooden velodromes normally used in such events. As a result, several of the events (team sprints, omniums and points races) will be held over non-standard distances. In addition, the event took place outside continental Europe for the first time, being held in the French caribbean province department of Guadeloupe.
Generated  :  track cycling and took place at the Vélodrome Amédée Détraux in Baie-Mahault, Guadeloupe, France, between 16 and 19 October. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn by the champion throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was held in association with the French national cycling team, Lotto-Soudal. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was held in association with the French national cycling team, Lotto-Soudal. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was held in association with the French national cycling team, Lotto-Soudal. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was held in association with the French national cycling team, Lotto-Soudal. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn throughout the year. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions are awarded the UEC European Champion jersey
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[41] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1038 | BLEU: 0.1471 | ROUGE-L: 0.2790 | BARTScore-F1: -2.5279
Prompt     : In July 2014, an internationally publicised incident occurred in which a Thai woman, Pattaramon Janbua, who had been
Reference  : hired as a surrogate mother for an Australian couple, sought to raise money for her critically ill surrogate son The baby had been in her care since she gave birth in December 2013; biological parents David John Farnell and Wenyu Wendy Li had left Thailand 2 months later with baby Gammy's twin sister Pipah.When ultrasound results seven months into the surrogate pregnancy indicated that Ms Pattaramon was carrying twins and that one of the twins, a boy, had Down syndrome, Farnell and Li requested that she abort him, and that they would keep only the child's twin sister. Ms Pattaramon refused, citing her Buddhist beliefs, and instead opted to raise the boy (named Gammy) on her own. Thai surrogacy laws dictate that a child's legal mother is its birth mother. The Farnells returned to Australia in December 2013, bringing baby Gammy's twin sister Pipah with them. After the story broke to media, donors amassed a fund of over $250,000 to help baby Gammy.The incident raised questions about the ethics of gestational surrogacy. The fact that David Farnell is a convicted sex offender (he was sentenced to three years in prison in 1997 for molesting two girls aged 7 and 10) has also caused controversy. There were also rumors that the Farnells believed that Gammy had died, but this was not true; it was David Farnell's adult daughter who claimed that Gammy died and she did so because she
Generated  :  hired as a surrogate mother for an Australian couple, sought to raise money for her critically ill surrogate son. The baby had been in her care since she gave birth in December 2013; biological parents David John Farnell and Wenyu Wendy Li had left Thailand 2 months later with baby Gammy's twin sister Pipah.The baby's biological parents sought to raise money for their critically ill surrogate son through a GoFundMe page. The baby had been in their care since birth and was in a medically induced coma. The baby's parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattaramon raise $1 million to help with medical costs and to help with the surrogate son's future education. The baby's biological parents requested that Pattar
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[42] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0667 | BLEU: 0.0641 | ROUGE-L: 0.3250 | BARTScore-F1: -3.2033
Prompt     : The 2023 Stanley Cup playoffs is the ongoing playoff tournament
Reference  : of the National Hockey League (NHL) for the 2022–23 season The playoffs began on April 17, 2023, three days after the end of the regular season, and will end in June 2023 with the 2023 Stanley Cup Finals, to
Generated  :  for the National Hockey League's 30 teams. The playoffs are split into two, one for each conference. The first round is held on April 5, with the second round on April 7. The winner of the first round will
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[43] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.7020 | BLEU: 0.5523 | ROUGE-L: 0.6506 | BARTScore-F1: -1.9535
Prompt     : The 2014 Burkina Faso uprising was a series of demonstrations and riots
Reference  : in Burkina Faso in October 2014 that quickly spread to multiple cities They began in response to attempts at changing the constitution to allow President Blaise Compaoré to run again and extend his 27 years in office. Pressure for political change came from civil society and in particular from the country's youth. Following a tumultuous day on 30 October, which included the involvement of former Defence Minister Kouamé Lougué and the burning of the National Assembly and other government buildings as well
Generated  :  in Burkina Faso in October 2014 that quickly spread to multiple cities. Popular protests in response to attempts at changing the constitution to allow President Blaise Compaoré to run again and extend his 27 years in office began on 28 October. Pressure for political change came from civil society and in particular from the country's youth. The demonstrations were sparked by attempts at changing the constitution to allow Compaoré to run again and extend his 27 years in office, and were subsequently
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[44] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.9709 | BLEU: 0.6607 | ROUGE-L: 0.7308 | BARTScore-F1: -2.0107
Prompt     : From March 2012 to May 2014, the Salvadoran government, the Catholic Church, and the country's two largest criminal gangs, Mara Salvatrucha (MS-13) and the 18th Street gang (Barrio 18), came to a
Reference  : truce, known in El Salvador simply as the Gang Truce (Spanish: Tregua entre Pandillas), to lower the country's rate of homicides and extortions in exchange for improved prison conditions and certain visitation privileges The truce's principal negotiators were Minister of Public Security David Munguía Payés, former deputy Raúl
Generated  :  truce, known in El Salvador simply as the Gang Truce (Spanish: Tregua entre Pandillas), to lower the country's rate of homicides and extortions in exchange for improved prison conditions and certain visitation privileges. The truce was brokered by the country's president, Mauricio Funes, and the Catholic Church's leader,
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[45] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0063 | BLEU: 0.0120 | ROUGE-L: 0.1426 | BARTScore-F1: -3.7177
Prompt     : The Reddings was an American funk, soul and disco band, founded by Otis Redding's sons Dexter (bass and vocals) and Otis
Reference  : Redding III (December 17, 1963 – April 18, 2023 age 59; guitar) together with Mark Lockett (drums, keyboards, and lead vocal) Their most well-known songs include "Remote Control" (1980) / "Doin' it" / "Funkin on the One" / "Class (Is What You Got)" (1981) / "Sittin' on the Dock of the Bay" (1982) / "Hand Dance" (1983) and "The Awakening" (1980), a bass-drums-duet which is often performed live by Les Claypool (Primus) and on his album Highball with the Devil. Their album The Reddings was released on November 26, 1988, and reached a peak position of #88 on the US Billboard album chart. It featured a hit single "Call The Law," which reached peak position of #16 on the Billboard Hot Black Singles Chart on November 26, 1988. In December 1980, "Remote Control," from the first album by the Reddings (The Awakening), went to #6 on the Billboard Hot Soul Singles chart, and peaked at #89 on the Billboard Hot 100. The tune was sampled in an episode of the 1980s television programme, WKRP in Cincinnati. Written by Nick Mann, Bill Beard, and Chet Fortune of the Washington, D.C. based songwriting team of Last Colony Music, "Remote Control" continues to receive airplay in countries including Belgium, France, Italy, and the Netherlands. In 1979–1980, Dexter, Otis III, and Mark had recorded The Awakening with producers Russell Timmons and Nick Mann at the Believe in a Dream studio,
Generated  :  (drums). The Reddings released three studio albums, 1999's The Redings, 2000's The Redings II and 2001's The Redings III. The Redings was the first Redding album to be certified triple platinum. The Redings II was recorded at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California, and was released on November 17, 2001. The Redings III was recorded at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California, and was released on May 17, 2003. The Redings was the first Redding album to be certified gold. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014 at The Fox Theater in Hollywood, California. The Redings was performed live on October 17, 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[46] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0075 | BLEU: 0.0145 | ROUGE-L: 0.1641 | BARTScore-F1: -3.1599
Prompt     : From January 28 to February 4, 2023, a Chinese-operated high-altitude balloon was spotted
Reference  : in North American airspace, including Alaska, western Canada, and the contiguous United States On February 4, the U.S. Air Force shot down the balloon over U.S. territorial waters off the coast of South Carolina, on the order of U.S. President Joe Biden. It was shot down by a U.S. F-22 Raptor. Debris from the wreckage was recovered and sent to the FBI Laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, for analysis.The American and Canadian militaries announced that the balloon was for surveillance, while the Chinese government maintained it was a civilian (mainly meteorological) airship that had been blown off course. The U.S. said that the balloon was capable of geolocating electronic communications and carried intelligence surveillance equipment inconsistent with that of a weather balloon. It added that similar Chinese spy balloons have flown over more than 40 nations. Analysts said that its flight path and structural characteristics were dissimilar from those of a typical weather balloon. American officials later disclosed that they had been tracking the Chinese balloon since it was launched from Hainan. Its original destinations were likely Guam and Hawaii, but prevailing winds blew it off course and across North America.The incident increased U.S.–China tensions. The United States called the balloon's presence a violation of its sovereignty, and its Secretary of State Antony Blinken postponed a long-awaited diplomatic visit to Beijing. Canada summoned the Chinese ambassador in response to the incident.On February 2, a similar Chinese balloon was observed flying over Latin America. In
Generated  :  flying over the South China Sea, in a highly unusual flight pattern. The flight path of the Hainan-1 (Chinese: 嫦娥空) balloon was highly unusual, crossing over the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea twice and then returning to Hainan. The flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Paracel Islands twice and then returning to Hainan. The Hainan-1 flight path was first noted by Chinese state media on January 29, and then confirmed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences on February 4. The Chinese Academy of Sciences noted that the flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Paracel Islands twice and then returning to Hainan. The Hainan-1 flight path was first noted by Chinese state media on January 29, and then confirmed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences on February 4. The flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Paracel Islands twice and then returning to Hainan. The Hainan-1 flight path was first noted by Chinese state media on January 29, and then confirmed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences on February 4. The flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Paracel Islands twice and then returning to Hainan. The Hainan-1 flight path was first noted by Chinese state media on January 29, and then confirmed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences on February 4. The flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Paracel Islands twice and then returning to Hainan. The Hainan-1 flight path was first noted by Chinese state media on January 29, and then confirmed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences on February 4. The flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Paracel Islands twice and then returning to Hainan. The Hainan-1 flight path was first noted by Chinese state media on January 29, and then confirmed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences on February 4. The flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Paracel Islands twice and then returning to Hainan. The Hainan-1 flight path was first noted by Chinese state media on January 29, and then confirmed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences on February 4. The flight path of the balloon was highly elliptical, crossing the disputed Parac
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[47] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -1.0951 | BLEU: 0.6337 | ROUGE-L: 0.7034 | BARTScore-F1: -2.4567
Prompt     : The Willis Resilience Expedition was a scientific and exploratory program that took place in Antarctica from November 2013 to January 2014, with
Reference  : the goal of a better understanding of changes in the Earth's climate brought on by global warming in addition to weather-related risk Announced in August 2013, the expedition was led by explorer Douglas Stoup and Parker Liautaud, a teenage polar adventurer and environmental campaigner. The expedition was underwritten by Willis Group, a global risk advisor, insurance and reinsurance broker. The communications team, including driver and mechanic Eyjo Furteitsson, communication manager
Generated  :  the goal of a better understanding of changes in the Earth's climate brought on by global warming in addition to weather-related risk. Announced in August 2013, the expedition was led by explorer Douglas Stoup and Parker Liautaud, a teenage polar adventurer and environmental campaigner. The expedition was initially billed as a one-way trip, with Parker returning to her home in Tasmania, Australia, and Douglas following in her footsteps. However, after
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[48] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0365 | BLEU: 0.0387 | ROUGE-L: 0.2000 | BARTScore-F1: -4.7170
Prompt     : The 7th Crunchyroll Anime Awards was held on March 4, 2023, at the
Reference  : Main Banquet Hall of the Grand Prince Hotel New Takanawa in Tokyo, Japan It was
Generated  :  Tokyo Big Sight in Tokyo, Japan. The awards were presented by Kazuhiro Tsuga and Keigo
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[49] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.0607 | BLEU: 0.0954 | ROUGE-L: 0.2278 | BARTScore-F1: -2.7931
Prompt     : Presidential elections were held in Afghanistan on 5 April
Reference  : 2014, with a second round held on 14 June Incumbent President Hamid Karzai was not eligible to run due to term limits. The registration period for presidential nominations was open from 16 September 2013 until 6 October 2013. A total of 27 candidates were confirmed to be running for office. However, on 22 October Afghanistan's Independent Election Commission disqualified 16 of the candidates, leaving only 11 in the race. By April 2014 three candidates gave up the race and decided to support some of the eight remaining candidates. Opinion polls showed Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani as the front-runners and indeed the results of the first round of the election had Abdullah in the lead and Ghani behind him. The second set of results came after the run-off on 14 June, two months after the first round. Preliminary results were expected on 2 July and the final result on 22 July. However, widespread accusations of fraud delayed these results. As a result, John Kerry, then United States Secretary of State, mediated the negotiations between the two final candidates, Ghani and Abdullah. After a series of negotiations and talks between Ghani, Abdullah and Kerry, the two candidates agreed to sign an Agreement to form a National Unity Government based on 50–50 power sharing. As a result of that political agreement, a separate position was created for Abdullah as Chief Executive. The National Unity Government's term ran out after the next Afghan presidential election was held in September 2019.The
Generated  :  2014, with a second round held on 14 June. Incumbent President Hamid Karzai was not eligible to run due to term limits. The registration period for presidential nominations was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for vice presidents was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Council of Ministers was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Supreme Court was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Judicial Council was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Police and Armed Forces was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Interior Ministry was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Human Rights Ministry was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Legal Services was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Public Integrity Commission was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Anti-Corruption Commission was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's National Anti-Corruption Commission was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Anti-Corruption Directorate was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Anti-Corruption Bureau was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Anti-Corruption Directorate was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Anti-Corruption Bureau was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Anti-Corruption Bureau was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration period for members of the National Unity Government's Anti-Corruption Bureau was open from 16 September 2013 until 5 October 2013. The registration
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[50] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0042 | BLEU: 0.0082 | ROUGE-L: 0.1410 | BARTScore-F1: -3.6346
Prompt     : An ongoing refugee crisis began in Europe in
Reference  : late February 2022 after Russia's invasion of Ukraine Over 8.1 million refugees fleeing Ukraine have been recorded across Europe, while an estimated 8 million others had been displaced within the country by late May 2022. Approximately one-quarter of the country's total population had left their homes in Ukraine by 20 March. 90% of Ukrainian refugees are women and children, while most Ukrainian men age 18 to 60 are banned from leaving the country. By 24
Generated  :  2015, after the ongoing Middle East conflict escalated into a full-scale armed conflict between Israel and Gaza. The number of refugees entering Europe via Greece, Italy and Spain increased dramatically, while the number of people seeking asylum in Germany and other European countries decreased. The number of refugees in Greece reached a peak in October 2015, at over 1.2 million, after which the number of arrivals began to decline. After a similar pattern occurred in
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[51] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1038 | BLEU: 0.1540 | ROUGE-L: 0.2914 | BARTScore-F1: -2.3141
Prompt     : On the afternoon of 24 May 2014, a gunman opened fire
Reference  : at the Jewish Museum of Belgium in Brussels, killing four people Three of them, an Israeli couple on holiday and a French woman, died at the scene. The fourth victim, a Belgian employee of the museum, was taken to the hospital but died of his injuries on 6 June. A little less than a week later, on 30 May 2014, a suspect was arrested in the French city of Marseille in connection with the shooting. The suspect was Mehdi Nemmouche, a 29-year-old French national of Algerian origin. A second suspect, Nacer Bendrer, was identified and arrested later. Prior to the shooting, Nemmouche had already spent time in French prisons, where he became involved in radical Islam. After his imprisonment, he also spent more than a year in Syria. It is also in prison where he met Bendrer, who was suspected of having supplied Nemmouche with the weapons used in the attack. Investigators identified a third suspect as well, but the charges against the third suspect were later dismissed due to the evidence against him being considered too weak. Nemmouche and Bendrer were formally indicted in April 2018, and tried before the court of assizes of Brussels in early 2019. After two months of trial hearings, a verdict was rendered: Nemmouche was found guilty of having committed the attack, whilst Bendrer was found guilty of being the co-author of the attack by having supplied Nemmouche with the weapons used in the attack. The theory that Nemmouche
Generated  :  at the Jewish Museum of Belgium in Brussels, killing four people. Three of them, an Israeli couple on holiday and a French woman, died at the scene. The fourth victim, a Belgian employee of the museum, was taken to the hospital but died of his injuries on 6 June. The suspect, Mehdi Nemmouche, was arrested later that day and confessed to the crime. He was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2016. However, he was later found not guilty on all charges and was released from prison in May 2021.On 6 July 2021, Nemmouche was paroled and returned to his native Algeria. He was arrested again on 22 July 2021 and again on 4 August 2021. On each occasion, he invoked his Algerian citizenship and invoked his right to remain silent. On 4 August 2021, he was found not guilty on all charges and was released from prison on 4 August 2021.On 22 July 2021, Nemmouche was involved in a shootout with a police officer in the Verviers district of Brussels. He was killed in the shootout. His body was then found on 4 August 2021 in the Verviers district of Brussels. His identity was confirmed by DNA evidence on 6 July 2021. His death certificate stated that he was shot dead on 4 August 2021.On 4 August 2021, Nemmouche was seen on CCTV walking towards the Museum of Belgian Jewish History with a gun in his hand. He was followed by a second suspect, who was later identified as Yassine Abdelhamid Abaaoud, who was shot dead by a police officer. The third suspect, who was later identified as Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, was arrested later that day and confessed to the crime. He was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2016. However, he was later found not guilty on all charges and was released from prison in May 2021.On 4 August 2021, Nemmouche was seen on CCTV walking towards the Museum of Belgian Jewish History with a gun in his hand. He was followed by a second suspect, who was later identified as Yassine Abdelhamid Abaaoud, who was shot dead by a police officer. The third suspect, who was later identified as Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, was arrested later that day and confessed to the crime. He was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2016. However, he was later
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[52] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0063 | BLEU: 0.0109 | ROUGE-L: 0.1772 | BARTScore-F1: -3.2757
Prompt     : Parliamentary elections were held in Estonia on 5 March
Reference  : 2023 to elect all 101 members of the Riigikogu The officially published election data indicate the victory of the Reform Party, which won 37 seats in total, while the Conservative People's Party of Estonia (EKRE) placed second with 17 seats. The Centre Party won 16 seats, a loss of 10, while Estonia 200 won 14 seats, gaining representation in Riigikogu. After the previous parliamentary election in 2019, the Centre Party, led by Jüri Ratas, formed a government with Ratas serving as prime minister. His government was brought down in January 2021 after a corruption investigation, and Kaja Kallas of the Reform Party formed a coalition government with the Centre Party; which collapsed in June 2022. Kallas then formed a government with Isamaa and the Social Democratic Party and remained in the position of prime minister. In January 2023, the National Electoral Committee announced that nine political parties and ten individual candidates had registered to take part in the 2023 parliamentary election. During the campaign period, issues discussed most extensively regarded the Estonian economy, and the country's national defence and security due to the current Russian invasion of Ukraine. Individuals from contesting political parties also participated in multiple organised debates in January and February 2023. Voting at foreign embassies for Estonians outside the country took place from 18 to 23 February, while Estonian residents could vote during the pre-election period from 27 February to 4 March. These were the first national elections where more than half of the
Generated  :  2014 to elect the members of the Federation Council and the Presidium of the Supreme Court. The elections were held in full by a majority system, with 50% of the votes counted. The turnout was 54.5%.Estonia's parliamentary constituency boundaries were redrawn in 2010 to make it easier for parties to form coalitions. The new constituency boundaries were drawn following the 2010 elections and the number of seats in the Federation Council and the Presidium of the Supreme Court increased by four.The elections for the European Parliament were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the European Parliament increased by two.The elections for the European Defence Agency were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Defence Agency increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Presidium were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Presidium increased by one.The elections for the European Audit and Accountability Office were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Audit and Accountability Office increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Standing Committee on the Budget were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Standing Committee on the Budget increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Audit and Accountability Commission were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Audit and Accountability Commission increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Standing Committee on the Rules of Procedure and Privileges were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Standing Committee on the Rules of Procedure and Privileges increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Audit and Accountability Committee were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Audit and Accountability Committee increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Audit and Accountability Committee were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Audit and Accountability Committee increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Audit and Accountability Committee were held in conjunction with the elections for the European Parliament's constituencies. The number of seats in the Audit and Accountability Committee increased by one.The elections for the European Parliament's Audit and Accountability Committee were held in conjunction
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[53] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0420 | BLEU: 0.0334 | ROUGE-L: 0.2609 | BARTScore-F1: -4.8192
Prompt     : The 2023 Princess Auto Players' Championship was held from April
Reference  : 11 to 16 at the Mattamy Athletic Centre in Toronto, Ontario It was the fifth Grand Slam event and final major of the 2022–23 curling season. In the women's final, Sweden's Isabella Wranå
Generated  :  9 to April 12, 2015, at the Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. The event was organized by the Abu Dhabi Sports Council and was the first time that the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[54] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.2308 | BLEU: 0.2473 | ROUGE-L: 0.4219 | BARTScore-F1: -2.2118
Prompt     : Wrestle Kingdom 17 was a two-day professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event co-produced
Reference  : by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) and Pro Wrestling Noah (Noah) promotions The first day of the event took place on January 4, 2023, at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan and the second day of the event took place on January 21, 2023, at the Yokohama Arena in Yokohama, Japan. It is the 32nd January 4 Tokyo Dome Show and the
Generated  :  by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) promotion and the Ring of Honor (ROH) promotion. It took place on January 17, 2014, at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan and aired live on internet pay-per-view (iPPV) through Ustream. The event was originally billed as "Wrestle Kingdom 11", but was changed to "Wrestle Kingdom 17" after the NJPW and ROH promotions complained about the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[55] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -1.0504 | BLEU: 0.8948 | ROUGE-L: 0.9541 | BARTScore-F1: -1.2303
Prompt     : The Vienna Summer of Logic was a scientific event in the summer of 2014, combining 12 major conferences
Reference  : and several workshops from the fields of mathematical logic, logic in computer science, and logic in artificial intelligence The meetings took place from July 9 to 24, 2014, and attracted more than 2000 scientists and researchers.The event was organized by the Kurt Gödel Society at Vienna University of Technology. Participating meetings include:In
Generated  :  and several workshops from the fields of mathematical logic, logic in computer science, and logic in artificial intelligence. The meetings took place from July 9 to 24, 2014, and attracted more than 2000 scientists and researchers.The event was organized by the Kurt Gödel Society at Vienna University of Technology. The meetings were
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[56] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.6015 | BLEU: 0.6850 | ROUGE-L: 0.7729 | BARTScore-F1: -1.1361
Prompt     : The Minsk agreements were a series of international agreements which sought to end the Donbas war fought
Reference  : between armed Russian separatist groups and Armed Forces of Ukraine, with Russian regular forces playing a central part The first, known as the Minsk Protocol, was drafted in 2014 by the Trilateral Contact Group on Ukraine, consisting of Ukraine, Russia, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), with mediation by the leaders of France and Germany in the so-called Normandy Format. After extensive talks in Minsk, Belarus, the agreement was signed on 5 September 2014 by representatives of the Trilateral Contact Group and, without recognition of their status, by the then-leaders of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR). This agreement followed multiple previous attempts to stop the fighting in the region and aimed to implement an immediate ceasefire. The agreement failed to stop fighting, and was thus followed with a revised and updated agreement, Minsk II, which was signed on 12 February 2015. This agreement consisted of a package of measures, including a ceasefire, withdrawal
Generated  :  between armed Russian separatist groups and Armed Forces of Ukraine, with Russian regular forces playing a central part. The first, known as the Minsk Protocol, was drafted in 2014 by the Trilateral Contact Group on Ukraine, consisting of Ukraine, Russia, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), with mediation by the leaders of France and Germany in the so-called Normandy Format. After extensive talks in Minsk, Belarus, the agreement was signed on 5 September 2014 by representatives of the Trilateral Contact Group and, without recognition of their status, by the then-leaders of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR). The agreement followed multiple previous attempts to end the conflict, which had escalated in 2014 after Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the Russian military to intervene in the conflict. The agreement was signed in Minsk, Belarus, but the agreement was never implemented due to Western pressure and the ongoing fighting.The agreement contained a number of provisions, including:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[57] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0061 | BLEU: 0.0105 | ROUGE-L: 0.1486 | BARTScore-F1: -3.8984
Prompt     : Global news flow (also referred to as international news flow) is a field
Reference  : of study that deals with the news coverage of events in foreign countries It describes and explains the flow of news from one country to another.Studies on global news flow typically attempt to understand why certain countries are more newsworthy than others.. Along the years it has been found that the economic power of countries plays a particularly crucial role in their news prominence as well as the presence of international news agencies. Thus, the US has been found to be very prominent in news mentions around the world (18%), followed by China, Western European and Middle Eastern countries (about 3-5% each).The unequal representation of the world and the under-representation of developing countries have been already of a great concern at least since the 1950s, since they influence the way people perceive the world and the image of countries. This problem was later addressed in the MacBride report, and his set of recommendations for a New World Information and Communication Order. The unequal representation of the world has been also linked to the World System Theory, and the unequal economic structure of the world.A 2014 study, examining 35 popular news website in ten different languages over a two-year study period, found that "the United States is by far the most prominent country in the news sites that we studied from around the world, except for the French and Arabic ones" and the "network structure of news links clearly exhibits [the U.S.'s] key position
Generated  :  of study that studies the international news flow in the context of a networked society. It is based on the work of David Allen and colleagues at the University of Exeter in the United Kingdom. The field is interdisciplinary and has been described as "multidisciplinary" in that it draws on a wide range of disciplines including political science, media studies, and sociology. The study has several interrelated components. First, it attempts to understand the international news flow in a networked society. Second, it attempts to identify the factors that influence the international news flow. Third, it attempts to identify the sources of the international news flow. Fourth, it attempts to assess the impact of these factors on the international news flow. Fifth, it attempts to identify the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources of the sources
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[58] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1260 | BLEU: 0.1530 | ROUGE-L: 0.3353 | BARTScore-F1: -2.4557
Prompt     : The 2014–15 North American winter was frigid and prolifically wintry, especially
Reference  : across the eastern half of North America in the months of January–March The season began early, with many places in North America experiencing their first wintry weather during mid-November. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas. There were greater accumulations of snow across parts of Oklahoma as well. A quasi-permanent phenomenon referred to as the polar vortex may have been partly responsible for the cold weather. Temperatures in much of the United States dropped 15 to 35 °F (8.3 to 19 °C) below average by November 19, following a southward "dip" of the polar vortex into the eastern two-thirds of the country. The effects of this dip were widespread, bringing about temperatures as low as 28 °F (−2 °C) in Pensacola, Florida. Following a significant snowstorm there, Buffalo, New York received several feet of snow from November 17–21. In addition, significant winter weather occurred throughout the season, including a major blizzard that struck the Northeastern United States at the end of January, another blizzard that affected much of the Northern United States days later in early February, and several significant snow events paired with very frigid temperatures for much of February. Many records for snowfall and temperature were broken, many for the month of February, with every state east of the Mississippi River being colder than average, some for the entire winter. However, this meteorological winter
Generated  :  across the eastern half of North America in the months of January–March. The season began early, with many places in North America experiencing their first wintry weather during mid-November. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow in the state occurred on December 24. A period of below-average temperatures affected much of the contiguous United States, and several records were broken. An early trace of snowfall was recorded in Arkansas, while the first significant accumulation of snow
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[59] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0242 | BLEU: 0.0319 | ROUGE-L: 0.2424 | BARTScore-F1: -3.1332
Prompt     : The 29th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards, honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for
Reference  : the year 2022, were presented on February 26, 2023 at the Fairmont Century Plaza in Century City, California The ceremony streamed live on Netflix's YouTube channel, starting at 8:00 p.m. EST / 5:00 p.m. PST. The nominees were announced on January 11, 2023 by Ashley Park and
Generated  :  the 2013–14 season, was held on 16 February 2014 at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood, California. The gala was hosted by Matt Damon and hosted by Ben Affleck. The awards were presented by Matt Damon and his wife, actress Gwyneth Paltrow. The ceremony was broadcast live on
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[60] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.5972 | BLEU: 0.4570 | ROUGE-L: 0.5618 | BARTScore-F1: -2.3260
Prompt     : The 19th Empire Awards ceremony (officially known as the Jameson Empire Awards), presented by the British film magazine Empire, honored
Reference  : the best films of 2013 and took place on 30 March 2014 at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London, England During the ceremony, Empire presented Empire Awards in 14 categories as well as five honorary awards. The awards for Best Best Supporting Actor
Generated  :  the best films of 2013 and took place on 30 March 2014 at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London, England. The awards were presented by Empire editor-in-chief Marko Djurdjevic and Empire film critic Peter Bradshaw. Empire's film critic Peter Bradshaw was the master
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[61] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.6464 | BLEU: 0.8681 | ROUGE-L: 0.9298 | BARTScore-F1: -0.8008
Prompt     : Patagotitan is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from
Reference  : the Cerro Barcino Formation in Chubut Province, Patagonia, Argentina The genus contains a single species known from at least six young adult individuals, Patagotitan mayorum, which was first announced in 2014 and then validly named in 2017 by José Carballido and colleagues. Preliminary studies and press releases suggested that Patagotitan was the largest known titanosaur and land animal overall, with an estimated length of 37 m (121 ft) and an estimated weight of 69 tonnes (76 short tons). Later research revised the length estimate down to 31 m (102 ft) and weight estimates down to approximately 50–57 tonnes (55–63 short tons), suggesting that Patagotitan was of a similar size to, if not
Generated  :  the Cerro Barcino Formation in Chubut Province, Patagonia, Argentina. The genus contains a single species known from at least six young adult individuals, Patagotitan mayorum, which was first announced in 2014 and then validly named in 2017 by José Carballido and colleagues. Preliminary studies and press releases suggested that Patagotitan was the largest known titanosaur, with a length of 37 m (121 ft) and an estimated weight of 69 tonnes (76 short tons). Later research revised the length estimate down to 31 m (102 ft) and weight estimates down to approximately 50–57 tonnes (55–63 short tons), suggesting that Patagotitan was of a similar size to Argentinosaurus and similar in overall size to
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[62] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0186 | BLEU: 0.0318 | ROUGE-L: 0.1707 | BARTScore-F1: -3.4308
Prompt     : Severe Tropical Cyclone Gabrielle was a severe tropical cyclone that devastated the North
Reference  : Island of New Zealand and affected parts of Vanuatu and Australia in February 2023 It is the costliest tropical cyclone on record in the Southern Hemisphere, with total damages estimated to be at least NZ$13.5 billion (US$8.4 billion), of
Generated  :  Atlantic Ocean in early November 2014, killing at least 16 people and causing $114 million (2014 USD) in the United States. The storm was the most intense tropical cyclone in the 2014 Atlantic hurricane season, and the most expensive
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[63] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0511 | BLEU: 0.0669 | ROUGE-L: 0.2246 | BARTScore-F1: -3.3995
Prompt     : The 76th British Academy Film Awards, more commonly known as the BAFTAs, were held on 19 February 2023,
Reference  : honouring the best national and foreign films of 2022, at the Royal Festival Hall within London's Southbank Centre Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, accolades were handed out for the best feature-length film and documentaries of any nationality that were screened at British cinemas in 2022. The nominations were announced on 19 January 2023 via a global livestream, hosted by actors Hayley Atwell and Toheeb Jimoh, from the arts charity's newly redeveloped HQ at 195 Piccadilly, London. The EE Rising Star Award nominees, which is the only category voted for by the British public, were announced on 17 January 2023.The German-language epic anti-war drama All Quiet on the Western Front received the most nominations with fourteen, tying the record set by Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (2000) as the most nominated non-English language film in the awards' history; winning seven of these, including Best Film, Best Director (Edward Berger) and Best Film Not in the English Language, the World War I epic set a new record for the most BAFTA wins for a non-English language film.The ceremony was co-hosted by Swazi-English BAFTA- and Academy Award-nominated actor Richard E. Grant and British television personality Alison Hammond, who also helmed the backstage interviews. Presenters Vick Hope and BBC Radio 1 film critic Ali Plumb hosted the red carpet pre-show. The broadcast aired on BBC One and BBC iPlayer in the UK, and was simulcast globally in eight
Generated  :  at the Royal Opera House in London, honouring the best national and foreign films of 2013. The nominations were announced on 8 January 2014 by actor Luke Evans and actress Helen McCrory. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise the best films and television programmes of any nationality and any gender made in the UK in 2013. Presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the BAFTAs recognise
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[64] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.1480 | BLEU: 0.0805 | ROUGE-L: 0.3810 | BARTScore-F1: -4.8237
Prompt     : 2023 International Conference on Climate Resilient Pakistan, more commonly referred to as 2023 Geneva conference,
Reference  : was a one-day international conference on aid to Pakistani Government
Generated  :  was a United Nations conference on climate change initiated by
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[65] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1542 | BLEU: 0.2003 | ROUGE-L: 0.3175 | BARTScore-F1: -2.4253
Prompt     : The Eurovision Song Contest 2014 was the
Reference  : 59th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest It took place in Copenhagen, Denmark, following the country's victory at the 2013 contest with the song "Only Teardrops" by Emmelie de Forest. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. The three live shows were presented by Danish television presenter Lise Rønne, musician Nikolaj Koppel and actor Pilou Asbæk.Thirty-seven countries participated in the contest; this included the return of Poland and Portugal after absences of two years and one year respectively. Overall, there were two fewer countries competing compared to the previous year, making thirty-seven participants, the smallest number since 2006. Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus and Serbia announced that they would not be taking part. The winner was Austria with the song "Rise Like a Phoenix", performed by Conchita Wurst and written by Charley Mason, Joey Patulka, Ali Zuckowski, and Julian Maas. Austria's victory was the longest gap between victories for any country at the time - 48 years, not having won since 1966. The Netherlands, Sweden, Armenia and Hungary rounded out the top five, with the Netherlands achieving their best result since their victory in 1975, Hungary achieving their best result since their fourth place in 1994, and Armenia equalling their best result from 2008. Of the "Big Five" countries, only Spain achieved a place in the top ten, while France
Generated  :  59th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It took place in Copenhagen, Denmark, following the country's victory at the 2013 contest with the song "Only Teardrops" by Emmelie de Forest. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne, and consisted of two semi-finals on 6 and 8 May, and a final on 10 May 2014. Organised by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and host broadcaster Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR), the contest was held at B&W Hallerne,
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[66] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0094 | BLEU: 0.0158 | ROUGE-L: 0.1655 | BARTScore-F1: -3.6072
Prompt     : The Swedish anti-terrorism bill of 2023 refers to
Reference  : the anti-terrorism legislation debated by the Swedish parliament The new legislation has been first proposed in 2017 following the Stockholm truck attack and would criminalise "the participation in a terrorist organisation". Sweden has debated introducing anti-terrorism legislation before but those efforts has been hampered by human rights activists. The legislation has not been finalized but gained new momentum following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022, after which Sweden applied to join NATO, only for the Swedish application to run into opposition from Turkey, on the grounds that Sweden and Finland (which also applied at the same time) "host terrorist organisations which act against Turkey", including the PKK, PYD, YPG and Gülen movement. While the PKK is recognised as a terrorist organisation in both Sweden and Turkey, the Gülen movement is not recognised as a terrorist organisation in Sweden. The Turkish government has since requested the extradition of members of the Gülen movement and the PKK from Finland and Sweden; that the countries stop supporting the Gülen movement, the PKK, and terrorism; and that Finland and Sweden should address Turkish security concerns.In March 2023 representatives of the Swedish government announced that the government would submit an anti-terrorism bill, partially aimed at addressing Turkish concerns, in the near future, with tentative plans to see the legislation enacted by June. A necessary amendment to the Swedish constitution related to the proposed law already entered into force in January that year after a parliamentary vote in preceding November. The legislation may
Generated  :  a package of measures that was introduced in the Swedish parliament on 24 March 2014. The bill would extend the powers of the Federal Police to conduct searches and seizures without a warrant in connection with suspected terrorist activities and would allow the Federal Intelligence Service to share information with the police and the armed forces. The bill was approved by both chambers of the Swedish parliament on the same day.The bill has been described as the most significant threat to Swedish security in recent years. The main opponents of the bill were the Social Democratic Party and the Left Party. The bill was opposed by the Confederation of Swedish Industries and the Confederation of Swedish Municipalities. The main opposition party, the Moderate Party, supported the bill. The bill was sent to the Senate for ratification on 28 March. However, the Senate voted down the bill on 30 March, and the government had to call a referendum on whether to send the bill to the country's voters. The referendum was held on 13 April 2014. The result was a resounding "No" vote, and the bill was rejected by 55.5% of voters.The Swedish government has stated that the bill will not be implemented. The bill was therefore never put to a vote in the Swedish parliament. The government has stated that the bill will be reintroduced in the spring of 2019.The Swedish Security Intelligence Service (Säpo) has stated that the bill will have a negative impact on the fight against terrorism. The Säpo stated that the bill will make it more difficult for the police to carry out their duties and will make it more difficult for the intelligence services to carry out their work. The Säpo stated that the bill will make it more difficult for the police to conduct investigations and will make it more difficult for the intelligence services to conduct their work. The Säpo stated that the bill will make it more difficult for the police to conduct investigations and will make it more difficult for the intelligence services to conduct their work. The Säpo stated that the bill will make it more difficult for the police to conduct investigations and will make it more difficult for the intelligence services to conduct their work. The Säpo stated that the bill will make it more difficult for the police to conduct investigations and will make it more difficult for the intelligence services to conduct their work. The Säpo stated that the bill will make it more difficult for the police to conduct investigations and will make it more difficult for the intelligence services to conduct their work. The Säpo stated that the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[67] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -1.0289 | BLEU: 0.8628 | ROUGE-L: 0.9286 | BARTScore-F1: -1.2843
Prompt     : Anti-government protests (Khmer: បាតុកម្មប្រឆាំងរាជរដ្ឋាភិបាល) were a series of
Reference  : protests in Cambodia from July 2013 to July 2014 Popular demonstrations in Phnom Penh took place against the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen, triggered by widespread allegations of electoral fraud during the Cambodian general election of 2013. Demands to raise the
Generated  :  protests in Cambodia from July 2013 to July 2014. Popular demonstrations in Phnom Penh took place against the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen, triggered by widespread allegations of electoral fraud during the Cambodian general election of 2013. Demands for political change
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[68] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0084 | BLEU: 0.0118 | ROUGE-L: 0.2022 | BARTScore-F1: -3.5371
Prompt     : The 2023 Berlin repeat state election was held on 12
Reference  : February 2023 to once again elect the 19th Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin The 19th Abgeordnetenhaus was originally elected on 26 September 2021. On 16 November 2022, the Constitutional Court of the State of Berlin declared the results invalid due to numerous irregularities and
Generated  :  September 2014, in the Berlin constituency of Berlin-Brandenburg (CDU/CSU). The elections were divided into two, one for the state parliament and one for the Berlin-Brandenburg People's Party (BDP). The elections were initially scheduled for 2013, but were delayed until 2014.The elections were
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[69] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.7066 | BLEU: 0.6688 | ROUGE-L: 0.7377 | BARTScore-F1: -1.4323
Prompt     : Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 (MH370/MAS370) was an international passenger flight operated by Malaysia Airlines that disappeared on 8 March
Reference  : 2014 while flying from Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia to its planned destination, Beijing Capital International Airport in China The crew of the Boeing 777-200ER, registered as 9M-MRO, last communicated with air traffic control (ATC) around 38 minutes after takeoff when the flight was over the South China Sea. The aircraft was lost from ATC’s secondary surveillance radar screens minutes later, but was tracked by the Malaysian military’s primary radar system for another hour, deviating westward from its planned flight path, crossing the Malay Peninsula and Andaman Sea. It left radar range 200 nautical miles (370 km; 230 mi) northwest of Penang Island in northwestern Peninsular Malaysia. With all 227 passengers and 12 crew aboard presumed dead,
Generated  :  2014 while flying from Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia to its planned destination, Beijing Capital International Airport in China. The crew of the Boeing 777-200ER, registered as 9M-MRO, last communicated with air traffic control (ATC) around 38 minutes after takeoff when the flight was over the South China Sea. The aircraft was lost from ATC’s secondary surveillance radar screens minutes later, but was tracked by the Malaysian military’s primary radar system for another hour, deviating westward from its planned flight path. The disappearance of Flight 370 was the deadliest incident involving a Boeing 777 and the deadliest incident involving a passenger aircraft in the history of Malaysia Airlines. The primary goal of the disappearance was to reach
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[70] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.0415 | BLEU: 0.0678 | ROUGE-L: 0.1903 | BARTScore-F1: -3.2162
Prompt     : General elections were held in Costa Rica on Sunday, 2 February 2014
Reference  : to elect a new president, two vice presidents, and 57 Legislative Assembly lawmakers In accordance with Article 132 of the constitution, incumbent President Laura Chinchilla Miranda was ineligible to run for a second consecutive term.The ruling National Liberation Party put forward San José Mayor Johnny Araya Monge as its presidential candidate; the Libertarian Movement party nominated former legislator Otto Guevara Guth; the leftist Broad Front nominated José María Villalta Florez-Estrada; and the center-left Citizens' Action Party nominated Luis Guillermo Solís Rivera. Opinion polls in December 2013 showed Araya ahead with 37 percent, Villalta close behind at 32 percent, Guevara at 15 percent, and Solís trailing at eight percent, suggesting the likelihood of a run-off vote in February. Villalta's strong showing in the polls caused concern among Araya supporters and business leaders in Costa Rica. La Nacion, Costa Rica's most important newspaper and a historical ally of Liberacion Nacional, began a concerted series of attacks against Villalta, comparing him to Venezuela's Hugo Chávez. Political experts later concluded that this focus on Villalta helped Luis Guillermo Solis in the election.In the presidential election, Solís and Araya came first and second, respectively, with neither candidate reaching 40 percent of the valid poll in the first round of voting, so a second round of voting was held from 6am to 6pm on 6 April, the first run-off election since 2002.In a surprise move, Araya announced on 6 March that he would abandon his campaign for the run-off election.
Generated  :  to elect a new president, two vice presidents, and 57 Legislative Assembly lawmakers. The ruling National Liberation Party (PAN) suffered a major defeat, losing all of its seats. The leftist Broad Front, which had been the largest party in the previous Congress, won a majority, winning 32 of the 57 seats. The Socialists and the center-left Citizens' Action Party (CA) were the only other two parties to win seats.The elections were the first held under the country's 2009 constitution, which allows for direct elections for president and vice president every two years. The elections were boycotted by the leftist Broad Front, which boycotted the previous elections in 2009 and 2012. The PAN had won 32 of the 57 seats in the 2009 elections, but the Broad Front boycotted the 2010 elections and boycotted the 2011 elections. The elections were held under the new electoral system, in which voters elected a single representative to the House of Representatives. The elections were boycotted by the Broad Front again, and the 2012 elections were boycotted by the Socialists. The elections were boycotted again in 2013, and again in 2014. The elections were boycotted again in 2015, and again in 2016. The elections were boycotted again in 2017, and again in 2018.The elections were the first held under the new electoral system, in which voters elected a single representative to the House of Representatives. The elections were boycotted by the Broad Front again, and the 2012 elections were boycotted by the Socialists. The elections were boycotted again in 2013, and again in 2014. The elections were boycotted again in 2015, and again in 2016. The elections were boycotted again in 2017, and again in 2018. The elections were boycotted again in 2019, and again in 2020. The elections were boycotted again in 2021, and again in 2022. The elections were boycotted again in 2023, and again in 2024. The elections were boycotted again in 2025, and again in 2026. The elections were boycotted again in 2027, and again in 2028. The elections were boycotted again in 2029, and again in 2030. The elections were boycotted again in 2031, and again in 2032. The elections were boycotted again in 2033, and again in 2034. The elections were boycotted again in 2035, and
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[71] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.2527 | BLEU: 0.2912 | ROUGE-L: 0.4407 | BARTScore-F1: -1.9693
Prompt     : The Rotherham child sexual exploitation scandal consists of the organised child sexual abuse that occurred in the town of Rotherham, South Yorkshire, Northern England
Reference  : from the late 1980s until the 2010s and the failure of local authorities to act on reports of the abuse throughout most of that period Researcher Angie Heal, who was hired by local officials and warned them about child exploitation occurring between 2002 and 2007, has since described it as the "biggest child protection scandal in UK history". Evidence of the abuse was first noted in the early 1990s, when care home managers investigated reports that children in their care were being picked up by taxi drivers. From at least 2001, multiple reports passed names of alleged perpetrators, several from one family, to the police and Rotherham Council. The first group conviction took place in 2010, when five British-Pakistani men were convicted of sexual offences against girls aged 12–16. From January 2011 Andrew Norfolk of The Times pressed the issue, reporting in 2012 that the abuse in the town was widespread and that the police and council had known about it for over ten years.The Times articles, along with the 2012 trial of the Rochdale child sex abuse ring, prompted the House of Commons Home Affairs Committee to conduct hearings. Following this and further articles from Norfolk, Rotherham Council commissioned an independent inquiry led by Professor Alexis Jay. In August 2014 the Jay report concluded that an estimated 1,400 children had been sexually abused in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013, predominantly by
Generated  :  from the late 1980s until the 2010s and the failure of local authorities to act on reports of the abuse throughout most of that period. Researcher Angie Heal, who was hired by local officials and warned them about child exploitation occurring between 2002 and 2007, has since described it as the "biggest child protection scandal in UK history". Evidence of the abuse was first noted in the early 1990s, when care home managers investigated reports that children in their care were being picked up by taxi drivers. From at least 2001, multiple reports passed names of alleged perpetrators, several from one family, to the police and Rotherham Council. From at least 2010, multiple reports passed names of alleged perpetrators, several from one family, to the police and Rotherham Council. From at least 2013, a child protection taskforce was set up and in 2014, the then-Labour Party-led government of South Yorkshire appointed a taskforce of experts to investigate the abuse. This report, commissioned by the then-Conservative MP for Rotherham, Mark Reckless, concluded that child exploitation occurred in the town and recommended that action be taken. However, the government did not act on the report, and in 2015, the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK appointed a taskforce of experts to investigate the abuse. This report, commissioned by the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK, concluded that child exploitation occurred in the town and recommended that action be taken. However, the government did not act on the report, and in 2015, the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK appointed a taskforce of experts to investigate the abuse. This report, commissioned by the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK, concluded that child exploitation occurred in the town and recommended that action be taken. However, the government did not act on the report, and in 2015, the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK appointed a taskforce of experts to investigate the abuse. This report, commissioned by the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK, concluded that child exploitation occurred in the town and recommended that action be taken. However, the government did not act on the report, and in 2015, the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK appointed a taskforce of experts to investigate the abuse. This report, commissioned by the then-Labour Party-led government of the UK, concluded that child exploitation occurred in the town and recommended that action
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[72] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0032 | BLEU: 0.0081 | ROUGE-L: 0.0979 | BARTScore-F1: -3.9829
Prompt     : World news or international news or even foreign coverage is the news
Reference  : media jargon for news from abroad, about a country or a global subject For journalism, it is a branch that deals with news either sent by foreign correspondents or news agencies, or – more recently – information that is gathered or researched through distance communication technologies, such as telephone, satellite TV or the internet. Although in most of the English-speaking world this field is not usually regarded as a specific specialization for journalists, it is so in nearly all the world. Particularly in the United States, there is a blurred distinction between world news and "national" news when they include directly the national government or national institutions, such as wars in which the US are involved or summits of multilateral organizations in which the US are a member. At the birth of modern journalism, most news were foreign, as registered by the courants of the 17th century in West and Central Europe, such as the Daily Courant (England), the Nieuwe Tijudinger (Antwerp), the Relation (Strasbourg), the Avisa Relation oder Zeitung (Wolfenbüttel) and the Courante Uyt Italien, Duytsland & C. (Amsterdam). Since these papers were aimed at bankers and merchants, they brought mostly news from other markets, which usually meant other nations. In any case, it is worthy to remark that nation-states were still incipient in 17th-century Europe. From the 19th century on, with newspapers already established in Europe, the United States and a few other countries, innovations in telecommunications such as the telegraph made
Generated  :  or coverage of events that are not covered by national or international news outlets. International news is often of a political nature, and often focuses on events that are of a global nature. For example, the 2014 Ukraine crisis was the subject of an intense media debate in the UK and US, with the former Foreign Secretary William Hague describing it as the "biggest crisis since 1945". Other major international news stories of the year include the 2014 Israel–Gaza conflict, the 2014 Ebola outbreak, the 2013–14 Chikungunya outbreak, the 2013–14 Russian invasion of Crimea, the 2012–13 Chinese economic slowdown, the 2011–12 Thai political crisis, the 2010–11 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2009–10 Thai political crisis, the 2008–09 Russian economic crisis, the 2007–08 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2006–07 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2005–06 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2004–05 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2003–04 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2002–03 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2001–02 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 2000–01 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1999–2000 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1998–99 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1997–98 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1996–97 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1995–96 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1994–95 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1993–94 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1992–93 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1991–92 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1990–91 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1989–90 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1988–89 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1987–88 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1986–87 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1985–86 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1984–85 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1983–84 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1982–83 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1981–82 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1980–81 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1979–80 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1978–79 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1977–78 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1976–77 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1975–76 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1974–75 Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, the 1973
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[73] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0652 | BLEU: 0.0506 | ROUGE-L: 0.3182 | BARTScore-F1: -4.0545
Prompt     : The 65th Annual Grammy Awards ceremony was
Reference  : a music awards ceremony held at the Crypto com Arena in Los Angeles on February 5, 2023. It recognized the best recordings,
Generated  :  held on February 10, 2014 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The awards were presented by David Peter Fox and
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[75] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.8150 | BLEU: 0.6244 | ROUGE-L: 0.7117 | BARTScore-F1: -1.8342
Prompt     : The blockade of the Gaza Strip is the ongoing land, air, and sea blockade of the Gaza Strip
Reference  : imposed by Israel and Egypt temporarily in 2005–2006 and permanently from 2007 onwards, following the Israeli disengagement from Gaza The blockade was made permanent after Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip during the Battle of Gaza, seizing government institutions and replacing Fatah and other Palestinian Authority (PA) officials with Hamas members. Earlier, after Hamas won elections and formed the PA government in March 2006, led by Ismail Haniya, Israel and the Quartet on the Middle East set conditions before
Generated  :  imposed by Israel and Egypt temporarily in 2005–2006 and permanently from 2007 onwards, following the Israeli disengagement from Gaza.The blockade was made permanent after Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip during the Battle of Gaza, seizing government institutions and replacing Fatah and other Palestinian Authority (PA) officials with Hamas members. The blockade prevented the PA and other Palestinian factions from importing most goods into the Strip, preventing the PA from issuing import permits, and prevented the PA from issuing
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[76] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.7938 | BLEU: 0.8381 | ROUGE-L: 0.8940 | BARTScore-F1: -1.0594
Prompt     : Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week is an annual
Reference  : fashion industry event held in Sydney, Australia The event is a part of Australian Fashion Week and has taken place at Carriageworks for two consecutive years. The 2014 event was held from 6–10 April. The event focuses on providing Australian designers a platform to connect with a global audience of fashion buyers, press and consumers.The industry-only event showcased over 70 designers, including 25 designers from Sydney, four from Melbourne, four from Perth, two from Brisbane and one from Adelaide. There was also one designer from Bali and China. The 2014 designer showcase featured mostly start-up labels fresh from fashion school. Lan Yu became the
Generated  :  fashion industry event held in Sydney, Australia. The event is a part of Australian Fashion Week and has taken place at Carriageworks for two consecutive years. The 2014 event was held from 6–10 April. The event focuses on providing Australian designers a platform to connect with a global audience of fashion buyers, press and consumers.The industry-only event showcased over 70 designers, including 25 designers from Sydney, four from Melbourne, four from Perth, two from Brisbane and one from Adelaide. The event was co-hosted by Carriageworks and Sydney Fashion Week. The 2014 designer showcase featured mostly start-up labels fresh from fashion school. New labels include
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[77] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.7895 | BLEU: 0.7592 | ROUGE-L: 0.8214 | BARTScore-F1: -1.2660
Prompt     : On 3 October 2014, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that he would put forth a motion
Reference  : to send forces to participate in the coalition for military intervention against ISIL by deploying combat aircraft On 7 October 2014, the House of Commons approved of sending nine aircraft to join coalition airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq along with 69 special forces advisors to train the Iraqi government's military. The Canadian Armed Forces' contribution to the coalition against ISIL was later dubbed Operation Impact. On 30 March 2015, the House of Commons voted to extend the mission to targets in Syria. No
Generated  :  to send forces to participate in the coalition for military intervention against ISIL by deploying combat aircraft. On 7 October 2014, the House of Commons approved of sending nine aircraft to join coalition airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq along with 69 special forces advisors to train the Iraqi government's military. On 30 March 2015, the House of Commons voted to extend the mission to targets in Syria. On 30 June 2015, the House of Commons voted to extend the mission to targets in
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[78] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0080 | BLEU: 0.0130 | ROUGE-L: 0.1543 | BARTScore-F1: -3.9897
Prompt     : The Good News International Ministries (GNIM), commonly known as
Reference  : the Malindi cult and previously as the Servant P N. Mackenzie Ministries, is a new religious movement based in Shakahola, Kilifi, Kenya, that was founded by Paul Nthenge Mackenzie and his wife in 2003. Though often listed as a Christian organisation, many of its teachings contradict mainstream Christianity. The group attracted international attention in April 2023 when it was revealed that Mackenzie had allegedly instructed members to starve themselves en masse to "meet Jesus", resulting in the deaths of at least 110 people. The group, often described as a cult, is adamantly anti-Western, with amenities such as health care, education, and sports being dismissed as "evils of western life" and with Mackenzie condemning the United States, the United Nations, and the Catholic Church as "tools of Satan". The group also devotes much of its teachings to the end times. They purport to be followers of the End-Time Message of William Branham. Homicide detectives working
Generated  :  the Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN), is a global Christian broadcasting network that operates in over 110 countries. The network is owned by the global evangelical Christian organization, the International Christian Broadcasting Council (ICBC). The network is broadcast in over 120 languages and has over 2,000 employees. The network is a part of the global Christian Broadcasting Network (CBC) family of organizations. The network is part of the Alliance for Christ, a global network of Christian organizations that work in partnership to build a more just and peaceful world. The Good News International network is part of the global network of Christian broadcasters known as the Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN) Action Network. The Action Network is a global network of Christian broadcasters that work in partnership to build a more just and peaceful world. The Action Network works with other global Christian broadcasters to build a more just and peaceful world through the following strategies:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[79] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.1409 | BLEU: 0.1683 | ROUGE-L: 0.3247 | BARTScore-F1: -2.5784
Prompt     : The Trojan Horse scandal, also known as "Operation Trojan Horse" or the Trojan Horse affair, involves claims
Reference  : of an alleged conspiracy to introduce an "Islamist" or "Salafist" ethos into several schools in Birmingham, England The name, based on the Greek legend, comes from an anonymous letter sent to Birmingham City Council in late 2013, alleged to be from Birmingham "Islamists" detailing how to wrest control of a school, and speculating about expanding the scheme to other cities. The letter was leaked to the press in March 2014. Around a month later, Birmingham City Council revealed that following the letter release it had received hundreds of allegations of plots similar to those described in the letter, some claims dating back over 20 years.Tahir Alam, former chairman of the Park View Educational Trust which ran three schools in Birmingham, was alleged to have written a 72-page document for the Muslim Council of Britain in 2007 detailing a blueprint for the "Islamisation" of secular state schools, a claim that has been widely debunked. This document provided guidance about the religious needs and practices of Muslim parents and pupils that would facilitate their integration into schools. It was entitled Towards Greater Understanding: Meeting the Needs of Muslim Pupils in State Schools. Information and Guidance for Schools and is available as an appendix to the Kershaw Report. The introduction of the document states that the "purpose is to promote greater understanding of the faith, religious and cultural needs of Muslim pupils and how they can be accommodated within schools. It also
Generated  :  of an alleged conspiracy to introduce an "Islamist" or "Salafist" ethos into several schools in Birmingham, England. The name, based on the Greek legend, comes from an anonymous letter sent to Birmingham City Council in late 2013, alleged to be from Birmingham "Islamists" detailing how to wrest control of a school and introduce an "Islamist" ethos. The letter was leaked to the press in March 2014, and was followed by a series of articles in the Birmingham Mail and the Sunday Times alleging widespread conspiracy to introduce an "Islamist" ethos at several schools in Birmingham. The letter was leaked to the press after Birmingham City Council refused to act on a request from the Muslim Council of Britain to ban the paper over concerns that the articles contained "Islamist" or "Salafist" overtones. The letter was sent to Birmingham City Council on 13 March 2013, and was leaked to the press on 19 March. The letter alleged that Birmingham City Council had known about the existence of a "Trojan Horse" plot to introduce an "Islamist" ethos at several schools in Birmingham since at least 2010, and had failed to act on it. The letter was sent in response to a request from the Muslim Council of Britain to ban the Birmingham Mail and the Sunday Times over concerns that the articles contained "Islamist" or "Salafist" overtones. The letter alleged that Birmingham City Council had known about the existence of a "Trojan Horse" plot to introduce an "Islamist" ethos at several schools in Birmingham since at least 2010, and had failed to act on it. The letter was leaked to the press on 19 March. The Sunday Times articles alleged that Birmingham City Council had known about the existence of a "Trojan Horse" plot to introduce an "Islamist" ethos at several schools in Birmingham since at least 2010, and had failed to act on it. The Sunday Times articles alleged that Birmingham City Council had known about the existence of a "Trojan Horse" plot to introduce an "Islamist" ethos at several schools in Birmingham since at least 2010, and had failed to act on it. The Sunday Times articles alleged that Birmingham City Council had known about the existence of a "Trojan Horse" plot to introduce an "Islamist" ethos at several schools in Birmingham since at least 2010, and had failed to act on it. The Sunday Times articles alleged that Birmingham City Council had known about the existence of a "Trojan Horse" plot
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[80] Label: 1 | Combined Score: -0.0981 | BLEU: 0.1337 | ROUGE-L: 0.2567 | BARTScore-F1: -2.8580
Prompt     : The Battle of Shuja'iyya occurred between the Israel Defense Forces and the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades on
Reference  : 20 July 2014 during 2014 Israel–Gaza conflict in the Shuja'iyya neighborhood of Gaza City, in the Gaza Strip : 71 Shuja'iyya, with 92,000 people in 6 sq-kilometres, is one of the most densely populated areas of the Gaza Strip. According to the IDF, it had become a "terrorist fortress", that between 8 and 20 July had fired over 140 rockets into Israel after the outbreak of hostilities. Casualty figures are not known with precision, partly because bodies were recovered long after the fighting, and people had also died of injuries afterwards. The UN Protection Cluster states that between the 19-20th, 55 civilians, including 19 children and 14 women, were killed as a result of the IDF's actions. At the time, estimates varied from 66 to about 120 Palestinians killed, with a third of them women and children, and at least 288 wounded. The UN figures of Palestinian casualties are preliminary and subject to revision. 13 Israeli soldiers were killed.On 16 July, Israeli forces told residents of Shuja'iyya to leave and relocate to central Gaza City until further notice by means of leaflets, loudspeaker announcements, telephone calls, text messages, and radio messages. Residents interviewed afterwards by The Independent claimed lack of safe refuges and the difficulty of fleeing as reasons for staying put. By 19 July, OCHA reported that while the majority ignored the warnings and had not left their homes, up to half had gone as bombardments intensified. Israel condemned
Generated  :  20 July 2014 during 2014 Israel–Gaza conflict in the Shuja'iyya neighborhood of Gaza City, in the Gaza Strip.: 71 Shuja'iyya is a densely populated neighborhood of about 120,000 people in the Gaza Strip.: 71 Shuja'iyya was shelled several times during the day on 20 July by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and during the night by the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades. Casualty figures are not known with precision, partly because bodies were recovered long after the fighting, and partly because many of the injured were taken to the hospital after the fighting. Casualty figures for the IDF are not known with precision, partly because bodies were recovered long after the fighting, and partly because many of the injured were taken to the hospital after the fighting. According to the IDF, during the day Shuja'iyya had become a "terrorist fortress", with militants hiding in the homes and apartments, and that after the fighting it had become "a terrorist fortress again". According to the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, during the day Shuja'iyya had become a "terrorist fortress", with militants hiding in the homes and apartments, and that after the fighting it had become a "terrorist fortress again". According to the IDF, during the day Shuja'iyya had become a "terrorist fortress", with militants hiding in the homes and apartments, and that after the fighting it had become a "terrorist fortress again". According to the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, during the day Shuja'iyya had become a "terrorist fortress", with militants hiding in the homes and apartments, and that after the fighting it had become a "terrorist fortress again". According to the IDF, during the day Shuja'iyya had become a "terrorist fortress", with militants hiding in the homes and apartments, and that after the fighting it had become a "terrorist fortress again". According to the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, during the day Shuja'iyya had become a "terrorist fortress", with militants hiding in the homes and apartments, and that after the fighting it had become a "terrorist fortress again". According to the IDF, during the day Shuja'iyya had become a "terrorist fortress", with militants hiding in the homes and apartments, and that after the fighting it had become a "
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[81] Label: 0 | Combined Score: -0.0047 | BLEU: 0.0102 | ROUGE-L: 0.1513 | BARTScore-F1: -3.0378
Prompt     : On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded and occupied parts of Ukraine in
Reference  : a major escalation of the Russo-Ukrainian War, which had begun in 2014 The invasion has resulted in tens of thousands of deaths on both sides, and instigated Europe's largest refugee crisis since World War II. About 8 million Ukrainians were displaced within their country by June, and more than 8.1 million had fled the country by March 2023.
Generated  :  what became known as the Crimean Crisis. Following the annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation on March 16, 2014, a series of international organisations and states, including the United Nations, imposed sanctions on Russia for its role in the crisis. These sanctions were subsequently extended to other Russian officials and organisations involved in the crisis, including the
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
